What is your name
My name is Marilyn.
What's your name??
I'm Marilyn! What's yours?
Hello How are you doing today?
Whats up! I'm doing good how are you doing?
Im alright, I just took a nap. But it was one of those naps that doesnt help anything. It just makes everything worse and you question all your life choices
oh wow haha so you still feel tired huh?
Yeah
did you go to bed late?
I have more of a head ache than anything else
dude thats terrible
No, Its just adjusting to a time change But enough about me What are you up to?
im refining my skills on Sketch App have you heard of Sketch?
I havent What is it?
you know what adobe illustrator is right?
Yes
its a vector graphic editor like illustrator but its a lot more light weight and its for UX designers to design UI
Oh nice! What have you been practicing designing
Ive been trying to learn more tools on sketch and just get faster at it] Im doing a free lance job for a professor for his app idea and he needs a mockup of what the app will look like for his pitch
Wow that is cool! When is that all due by?
this weekend haha
Do you think you will finish or is that a pushy deadline?
its a deadline I set haha but I think Ill be able to finish I hope... if not I can push it back a little
Well I wish you the best of luck with that deadline
thanks do you have any personal projects you are working on"?
Not really projects. I finished editing a bunch of engagement pictures. So now all I am really doing is just practicing some sketching I can always practice and improve that skill
oh coooool! was this a paid photoshoot?
Yep, I had a few that I did before I went home for the summer
engagement shoots or weddings are goooood money but i hear in utah its super competitive
Yeah there are so many, every other person takes pictures Its easy to do it for friends and people you know but past that it is hard to get more business
yeah true do you think if you wanted to pursue your photography you wuold have to move out of utah?
Um maybe, People need pictures everywhere But I dont really want to do that, its fine for the side, but too hard to make a living on Remind me what you want to do career wise?
I want to become a UX desiner if you werent Christian what religion would you be in if at all?
Hm Maybe Buddhist What about you? I think its a really peaceful practice and it would match my personality
I probably would be buddhist culturally because IM korean but if i had a choice I wouldn't label myself as any religion egnostic? is that the term?
I think that is a term but I dont know exactly what it means Thats really cool
I need to go. Thanks for chatting!

Hello
My life is confusing

hello???
hi can you see my chats now?
yep
yeah no one is on... probably because today is the last day yeah you are probably right. A lot of them probably stopped because they know where they are going to end up
man I feel like we have talked about just about everything that we could tell each other
yeah... I am exhausted now
well what would you do if you had a flying car?
hahahaha these prompts are actually kind of nice to answer ummm I probably would I dont know... travel the world travel the world or if its possible I would turn it in to a time machine so that I can travel in time. Like back to the future but with flying cars
nice that would be cool I think time travel would be so cool would you change your past if you could?
by time travelin? like what part of my past?
anything
I dont know to be honest. I really like the person that I am now and I don't want to change anything about it
interesting
well i just appreciate all the choices that I've made. good and the bad ones because they have taught me lessons that I will not have learned if I went back and changed my past but then again if I could go back in time to invest in some stocks that I know would have been successful now, I would totally go back in time and do that but as far as like my choices goes I dont really care. I like who I am
wow that is deep
thanks
i really admire that I think embracing who we are is what helps us move on from the hard things in life and grow
yes if you can't embrace who you are then you will be stuck in loop that you can't get out of and it will be hard to learn anything for yourself because you are just going to 'blame your weaknesses or something
that is truth right there
yeah I know a lot of people who don't really know who they are and or will not embrace who they are and are envious of other people who have a better life or personality or whatever and it brings them down and they just are depressed and ungrateful people i've been around too many of those kinds of people to know that embracing who you truly are is the path to freedom and progression
I have a couple people who are close to me are like that one of them actually snapped out of it kind of and is trying to graduate from college but my other friend is still doing drugs and is partying and does not want to progress with life because he doesn't know what he wants in life and or he just won't work for it
yeah its really sad to see your close friends that choose a path like that because they will lag behind our progression in life and we will move on to better things but they will just be stuck at where they are and wont move but they will still be my friends nonetheless
yeah for sure. if my friend who is still making bad choices hits me up then I will definitely go see him I probably should reach out to him honestly and ask him to hangout with us
yeah you should if you as a close friend dont reach out to him then no one else will and he will keep falling while you move away from him so you probably should hit him up soon
yeah I will thanks for that
you are welcome
what about you?
what about me?
do you have any friends that you wish you still had kept in touch or reached out to?
yes I do
what happened to them?
well I wanted to reached out to them but they were just too far gone and they had other friends. I wish I could have done something but looking back I dont think I could have done much
oh why do you feel that way?
I feel that way because at the beginning stages of my friends bad choices I could not stop them because they didnt feel like they were doing anything bad or they didnt think they would end up where they are at now I did try to tell them to stop and change and things like that but they refused to listen and now I am sure that they have looked back and probably felt that they should have not made bad choices in the first place but I bet they feel that its too late now to turn back to who they were
yeah i hate that but they is Satan's biggest lie "you can't turn back and go back to who you were before"
yeah so true
its too bad for your friends. i feel bad for them. I hope they make it out or turn back
me too.

hello!
Hello! How are you?
doing well! how about yourself?
I'm doing awesome! Big plans for today?
nope! just work and relaxing ahah
Where do you work?
although I have big plans on cooking up some ribs tonight so that's pretty exciting probably gonna be the highlight of my day! I work an oncampus job What about you? Any big plans?
Oh wow that is highly exciting, you are eating good food! Nice, what do you do? No big plans, just working on some stuff for work!
LOL security YEAH i haven't had ribs in SO long so it's overdue where do you work?
Where do you do security?

My best friend doesn't know that I have been to 43 states.
My best friend knows legit everything about me Which states haven't you been to?
Hahahaha! I haven't been to Alaska, Hawaii, Oregon, Washington, Minnesota, North Dakota, and Wisconsin.:)
That's legit
Yeah. Are you going to the football game tonight?
Probably not, I've been working since 4:30 so I'll likely be dead haha Are you?
Oh my gosh wow. Yeah, I am. Where do you work?
I do security So mostly I just watch cameras

what is true AI?
I think true AI would be when computers were capable of programming themselves.
oh interesting havent'heard that answer before
It's pretty scary to think about. Hopefully computers don't get to that point!
yeah it will become the matrix
But it would also be an incredible acheivement
if that happens
Whew. Thankfully I don't think we are anywhere close..
I think it will be true AI if we can't distinguish them from a Robot to another person
In what kind of situation? Like caring for another human, or being able to have a conversation?
in any situation
I can definitely see that.
what are you studying makenna?
Right now, I'm just taking some STAC classes thank goodness! What about you?
nice! Im studying Information Technology
Cool cool! I've heard that's a pretty tough major.
yeah the winter sememster was a tough one but i got through it!
Is that in the business school or is IS in the business school?
IS is
And congrats! I'm glad you survived haha.
thanks haha
So what's the best class you have ever taken at BYU?
hmmm my UX Design Team class my professor and I started it last semester and it was a blast because we got to work with real companies and do UX work for them
Oh that's awesome!! Did you work in big groups or individually?
iin groups and we switched around
I wish there was something like that in my major. It would be great!
whats your major?
Exercise science!
oh cool1 why are you in that major?
I love science! It's amazing. And learning about the human body and how everything interacts just makes me feel like I understand what's going on. You know?
yeah i feel you do you want to become a nurse?
Oh definitely not. I will be going on to do a PhD in immunology.

Hello
Hey how are you?
I am doing well, its good to meet up again
Yeah I just got home It's been a rough day
Oh no, what happened?
Ugh I drove for 3 hours
That can be a long drive Did you have any good music playing?
Yeah. I played the greatest showman and then I just played my general playlist
I used to not like driving and think that anything took forever. But then After highschool I started driving more and more, almost all day every day. Now driving isnt too bad. Things go by a lot quicker And the greatest showman soundtrack helps a ton
Yeah. My legs always get tired when I drive. I don't know why. After a while my leg muscles start to burn
Hm thats interesting, do you use cruise control? Or do you keep your foot on the gas the whole time?
Cruise control
Nice, then I have no clue. But I guess sometimes pushing the pedal helps me not just cramp up I dont know
Yeah. Me neither it sucks. Also I still don't have my test scores. The suspense is killing me
I am waiting on two more exam scores as well. I dont like waiting It is pretty suspenseful
Yeah. I am waiting on two as well.
The worst is when you forget about it, and you are having a good time. And then you get your score back and its not a good one
I have As in all my other classes and I am happy about that so I should forget the last two and be patient. Oh yeah that is the worst.
It caught me off guard, and usually I am pretty patient and understanding. I dont know why it made me so upset that time I guess just because I wasnt expecting it
I would be disappointed if I got a bad score on either one.
Im sure you did well if you have "A's" in everything else I have been trying to finish all of my food before moving out and I had all this cream cheese left and I found out that cream cheese goes well with chicken and potatoes
Hmmm Are you there?
Are you not getting my messages? I am still here
No I am now What did you say?
what is the last thing that you got?
The one that said I guess I just wasn't expecting it
Oh I just said I am sure you did well if you have A's in your other classes
Did you say anything else?
Nothing else important, just that I was trying an interesting combination of food, cream cheese and chicken
Ohhhhh that is weird I can't believe I didn't get it.
Its actually pretty good Did nothing show up at all?
What is No
Hm, weird The chicken and cream cheese is what I was saying is pretty good
I can see what you are saying now though. Whthay doesn't make sense I didn't get the context.
Nevermind, it doesnt matter What are your plans now that you are home again?
Just hang out with my family.
Oh right, that will be so much fun Does your family play board games or anything together?
It will be. They will be at school during the day though
Like what do you like to do with them?
Yeah we do. How about yours? We play videogames Drive places and do hikes Just whatever How about you what do you do with your family?
That sounds like so much fun to do those things together! With my family we like to go try new food, play card games, go out on the boat, or go on walks
That's always fun. We used to go on walks when I was younger. Now that we live out in the middle of nowhere it is way different Do you ever do family reunions? Those are interesting.
Haha I am sure, I mean where would you walk to? One side of the family does, I have never been before. But this June I will be going to my first one!
We would walk around the block. Along the way we would pass members of our ward. We took our dog along with us as well and it was a privilege to be the one who got to hold the Leash
Haha how often were you the one who was able to hold the leash? And what kind of dog?
Wow hope you enjoy it. Family reunions are weird for me because it is usually a bunch of people I don't know It is a Maltese poodle. Right now she is like 13 years old I think. Don't quote me on that. Oh I almost always held the leash I was the dogs favorite
Nice! I am excited, I am sure I wont know most people but it will be good time spent with the ones I do
After I left on my mission she forgot me and now she has another favorite
did you feed the dog? Is that why you were her favorite
Yeah that is true. No I just spent a lot of time with her And I would rub her back Sounds like a key formula If only that worked for girlfriends
Hahaha that is funny If only it were that easy
Yeah, it isn't though.
Do you have any crazy dating stories?
I have a few, but I need to go to bed. We can talk about them more next time. It was nice chatting with you! Good night!

Hello?
Hello:)
So what would you do with a flying car?
I would fly over seas to visit other continents What about you?

No, computers cannot fall in love
I wouldnt think so either How is your night going?
It's going pretty good. I'm just spending time at home with my family
Oh thats nice!
What about you?
I just finished up work and taking a little break I have been indexing documents all day
Cool! What kind of work do you do?
I work for my Dad for marketing and all the office work for his business Right now it is organizing all the previous leads the company has had
Nice, I had a similar job last year. I had an internship at a nuclear powerplant and was the administraative assistant. dealing with papers was a large segment of my day Do you like office work?
Oh that sounds like it would still be interesting, what did you do the other half of the day? I like organizing, Ill be more excited to do the social media work and logo design
I organized and ran meetings and sometimes helped the graphics department design banners and posers. It just kind of depended on the week
That sounds sweet
You're interested in graphic design?! That's so cool!
Yeah I really like a lot of art
Me too! I actually plan on going into illustration. What type of art do you like?
Sweet! I do photography, drawing, graphic design, painting Really anything I can get my hands on
I mostly do digital art. I love doing fan art and comissions for people. Bringning other peoples' characters to life is super fun Do you have a favorite artist?
Oh that is cool! What kinds of stuff have you done I really like James Kirk Richards and Rose Datoc Doll
I have had an author reach out to me to design her characters which was super fun. My dream job is to illustrate for books so it was a great opportunity Then I just do random people's requests. My favorite one so far has been this one character that has ight powers and is from a steam punk society. light
That is really cool that you have had the opportunity to do all of that How do you figure out what the person wants in the art
Also, my favorite artists are Gabriel Picolo and Charlie Bowater I have then email or DM me the description of their characters and an idea of what they want the picture to look like And then I send them updates throughout the process to make sure I'm doing what they want
I just looked up those artists they have really cool stuff That seems like a good way to make sure they are happy I do that with pictures I take, I send a few to make sure they like the edits
Your artists have amazing work as weel! They both have such interesting styles Do you photograph at events?
I really love how unique their styles are Yeah I do weddings, engagements, family, all sorts of stuff
Thats awesome! I imagine wedding photos would be my favorite if I were a photographer. Do you have a preference?
I just like one on one portraits It is the least stress and the easiest to manage Weddings are great and beautiful, but they take so much work And trying to manage so many people it can be really stressful
I bet haha, so many guests and pressure.
Yeah and they all want you to do different things for pictures
What is the best picture you have ever taken True, plus its probabaly hard to round everyone up for big group pictures, especially if they have a big family with lots of little kids
Kids are great But so many kids You just cant get them all to look Um I dont know what it would be I have different favorites and they change
Same here, I dont think I could pick a favorite drawing. I would end up showing anyone who asked at least ten peices
Hahah yeah Let me just whip out this slide show real quick
seriously though haha. We could be there for hours and then the other person would get bored and would awkwardly have to find an excuse to leave lol
Hahaha yeah
I'm also a huge book nerd and a lot of my stuff is fan art so I'd probabaly end up spoilng an entire book for the poor guy
Hahaha What is your favorite book?
uhhhhhh this is like the favorite picture question haha
Haha well what is a good one you have read most recently
I like everything by ySarah J. Maas, the selection sereis, Shatter me series
Hm I have never heard of her
Her books are so good!! The new one just came out this week and im painfully waiting for my library to get it haha. What about you? Do you like reading?
I like reading when I take the Time to do that
[Also, Sarah J. Maas didnt write the series I listed after that. those are just other books I like] Have you read anything by Brandon Sanderson?
I havent I feel silly saying I like to read and I dont know any of the authors
It's all good haha. What type of books do you read
I am reading my favorite books from growing up again They are the Guardian of gahoole series
Are those the cat worrior books? NO WAIT those are the owl books!! I've totally read those
Haha yeah I love owls So it was my favorite And its fun to read it again, I dont remember a lot of these
Did you see the movie they made of those books?
I did! I love it It took a lot out, but it is still about owls and way cool
yeah, they did a pretty good job on that movie I'm always so worried when books i like are being made into movies
Yeah it can be tricky and kinda risky I was hoping they would make another I care for when they leave a dramatic ending that totally could be a a follow up movie
Yeah, they did that with the fallen series movie. left everyone on a complete cliff hanger and then canceled the second movie
I WOULD BE SO MAD
I KNOW RIGHT!! I'm still very disapointed
I cant stand watching TV shows that do "to be continued" either I refuse
Same haha, but sometimes I get into a show and then it evolves into one and then I'm trapped
AND THAT IS THE WORST You love and hate it
Yup.i also hate it hwen you get into a show only to find out the next season is coming out in a year
Yes That is of the devil I know there are a ton of shows that I would get into But I wont let myself watch them And then eventually I can just binge them
Ugh, im actualy waiting for the next season of Victoria to come out.... in september 2019: [I am too weak to resist haha. The torute seems woth it at the time, until you finish the existing seasons and then its just insanity
Hahaha I am sorry for your loss
RIP
Ill write a eulogy
Thank you, i would do the same for you, but youre too smart to get trapped in the cruel games of tv shows
You would think, but sometimes I am weak Like for Brooklyn 99
I LOVE THAT SHOW
Oh me too
It's so funny haha. Who is your favorite character? I love Gina and Captain Holt And jake, and Charles, and basically all of them
Gina is my spirit animal I love her And Rosa
Yassss and Jake+Amie the best Amy*
Haha they are cute Are you caught up?
Not all the way. I am in the current season though. wbu?
I just watched the most recent one yesterday
Do you watch it on hulu?
I do
Me to, I share the acount with a bunch of family though so sometimes i cant watch it because other people are already logged in
Oh that isnt fun
but its free this way so....-\ [**]
Oh I pay for mine and other people mooch off me
^My atempt at the shrugging shoulders emoji haha I am the moocher in this case haha
Haha I can appreciate that I just figure my sister buys me a lot of food, so it works out And she and her husband take me to movies occasionally
I am a movie theatre adict haha. I have the movie pass that lets you watch one movie a day for just $10 a month
I have heard about those!
I dont go every day but its super nice when I'm bored
Do you like it? Thats good
I LOVE IT!!! like, i can go to the super nice theatre with the reclining chairs which usually costs $13 a ticket as much as i want for just $10 a month. its crazy
I would probably do that If there was a good line up of movies coming out And if I had a way to get to the theater But I dont have time or a ride so right now it wouldnt be worth it
yeah, that is definatley a problem haha. I wont have a car at school so im enjoying it while it lasts
Nice! Live it up What movies are you excited for
Infinity wars was awesome, and overboard was hillariou, there is this one movie coming out soon called adrift that im really excited for It has the girl from the "fault in our stars" and the guy that plays fynnik in "the Hunger Games" in it.
OH I SAW THE PREVIEWS I want to see that
and incredibles 2
yes yes yes
SAME!!! And its a true story so thats super crazy And only been waitng AN ENTIRE DECADE for incredibles 2 im so pumped
Oh me too I love the previews Have you seen the one with Frozones wife Well she speaks but they didnt show her
yes haha. She is iconic
I would have been so mad if they didnt include her I am also excited for the next fantastic beasts
Oh yeah! I forgot about that one. it has Ezra Miller in it right?
Uh... I dont really know names
the one guy from justice leage that played the flash?
I havent seen that yet Is it good?
It was pretty good. I really liked the cast I'm kinda a marvel person though so I can't say I Loved it without being a traitor;)
Haha I like marvel better too
Whats your favorite marvel movie?
I like doctor strange or spiderman home coming
spiderman homecoming is definately one of my favorites. I'm low key in love with tom holland [the guy that plays spiderman]
I know his name He is awesome Haha
just making sure haha. that is definately a name worth knowing. have you seen black panther yet
I have:) THat is a good one also I love zendaya too
Me too! She is so awesome! Her ar tin greatest showman was awesome! and her outfit at the met gala was amazing
I follow her on instagram and sometimes I foget she is famous and I am like oh yeah how is my friend zendaya doing
haha thats awesome! I feel like she would be the coolest friend ever.
Can you imagine having a friend like her and tom Ugh I want a celebrity friend
I imagine it all the time..... it would be magical haha
It really would
and ned from homecoming would be awesome to. Like, i just want to join the friendgroup that they are in in the movie and then my life would basically be comlete [Sorry, I've let my syntax go haha. My spelling and capitalization are all over the place]
haha no worries I want more spiderman movies with tom
same, i need them
I need all of them One day I will meet them
same, a lot of the marvel guys are going to be at comicon in seattle the end of june and to get a vip to meet all of them is over $1,000 but,
Oh my goodness It would be worth it if I got a friend out of it
the Tom VIP which includes an meet and greet and a picture with tom with some other stuff costs $500...
Id pay 1000 for a friend like tom WORTH IT
same man, same theoretically, i could make it... but i would probably lose my job and i would also be taking like $1000 out of my college savings maybe next year haha
Yeah... That is a lot in terms of college expenses its like one solid book
true hahahaha i mean.... if tom halland fell in love with me and we got maried... would i really need a college fund at all?
Probably not Do you think if you messaged them through instagram they would ever see it?
maybe, ive considered doing that but what would you say that would catch their attention enough to reply?
I dont even know I would want to draw them something Impress them with my art
would you want to give off the "im here to be your friend, not because your a celebrity and im not like other girls" vibe or would you go for the " please speak to me, ILY" aproach?
Hahahaha A little of both I am sure they have heard it all I doubt they would even open the messages they get
same, art is the way to the heart
Maybe they would for fun sometime and see it But dont they have millions of followers
i think youre on to something with the art aproach. just made a super bomb art peice and post it and tag tom in it and then he woud see it and be like "dang i must talk to this person"
more like " I must friend this person" Then he would ask to hang out
Yeah, they do have millions of followers but i have seen people do the art thing and tom will follow them for it YES!!
NO FLIPPING WAY I am totally making art of tom and zendaya
and then you would go on the coolest date ever and get his number and next thig yo know youre going to the red carpets together do it! i support this plan
Haha well for me Tom and I could be friends, I dont think He runs that way Maybe the coolest date with zendaya She rocks the red carpet events though, I dont know how I could even stand near her there
hahah sorry, i was going to ask if you were a guy or a girl but i didnt know if we were supposed to with the rules haha this works out great then, i have tom all for myslef and you have zendaya. the is an even better plan
Haha no worries We can be like celebrity couple friends It will work out great We both do the art for them And they keep being amazing
YAS and we can all thank the BYU chit chat for it. what a great story that would be haha
Hahaha I really want this to happen
yup, plus well probabaly become famous artists becasue everyone will ewant the art that got tom and zendayas attention me too, my hopes are getting too high
Yeah I will be thoroughly disappointed Do you think Zendaya will end up being like the new lady gaga
I wouldt say lady gaga, but i think she is going to be pretty huge as far a celebrities go. I thik shes to down to earth to be gaga
Yeah I was just thinking that she does a lot of wigs and crazy awesome outfits did you see her most recently? with the medevial one
her joan of arc outfit was pretty sweet though
I think she is more down to earth too Yeah! that one is so awesome
Yes!! it is so cool and ive literally seen so much fan art of it already. its crazy instagram is an amazing place
there has been a lot? Dang I am behind Maybe what you need to do is draw what she should wear next
theres been a good amount. at least in my little relm of artists i follow theres an idea.... what woud you draw
I dont even know
me either... i cant even decide if i would go with a dress or a casual outfit or a high fashion look like the ones her brother designs
Maybe something like a roman or greece look But with a little extra flair
That would be cool
What would you do?
or like a steampunk look
Yeah!
ugh i wish were were allowed to know eachother haha
Maybe at the end! Two people I have talked to have figured out who I am haha
but along with this zendaya, would we throw tom in the picture as well
They just gleaned enough information from conversation to do it Probably
interseting...
They go well together
yeah... but just as friends;)
Oh for sure
they arent allowed to be with eachother haha
they would be a terrible couple I called dibs first tom
yeah, not only is he mine and her yours, but zendaya also has a good three inches on him
How tall is she
like 5'10 maybe?
Okay so she couldnt wear heels with me
yup its 5'10
Otherwise I would need some extra boost in my shoes
are you 5'10?
Im like 5 11
also, i couldnt wear heels with tom and im fine with that you and zendaya will still work he is one ince taller than me
Nice! See this is all working out so nicely
ikr! now we jsut gotta make that fan art and get this thing rolling
What day should we schedule the weddings should they be like around the same time? Or like? hahah I guess that is jumping a few steps
hmmmm maybe like march of next year?? then we have time to meet them, seal the deal, and then time to work off the holiday chub
Perfect
plus march has good weather
I see now flaw no*
idk how ill handel the paparazi though...they will be all over the story of two commoners falling in love with two super awesom celebs
It will be horrific to deal with the paparazi
^once again sorry about the typos, ive stopped proof reading messages before i send them haha
No worries I type too fast and do the same I get a little lazy
same, plus im not using my phone so it doesnt auto correct for me first world problems haha
Seriously
i think the first story the paparazi would have on me is " tom hollands girl caught cleaning out baker... what a beast" bakery*
hahahahahaha im dead oh my goodness
thye would have pics of me savagely eating fistfulls of pastries and there would be an action shot of me chucking a mangles brownie at the lense mangled*
Hahahahaha then tom in the background with you
carrying the rest of my boxes with look of amusement and admiration on his face probably handing me my next "weapon"
Hahaha Then Zendaya and I would be in the self serve Ice cream place just pouring it all into our mouths directly
yessss hahaha or you would be the people that bring the giant popcorn tubs and fill them with soft serve haha
Oh yes And then wear all sorts of wigs WE COULD HAVE COUPLE WIGS AND THEMED OUTFITS
heck yeah!! and fake mustaches to desguise yourselves
Hahaha
your fan art should just be a pic of you and zendaya wearing coordinating outfits. that would be a great conversation starter
I want this all to happen so bad
same... it seems weirdly possible hey do any of your favorite artists have instagrams
Mine is glitching way bad I dont know if you can see any of this

no not at all we do it all the time and we turn them back on anyway
I feel like turning it off is actually good once in a while, if a computer isn't working correctly we turn them off and turn them back on anyway to fix them
yeah that is the fix all when you dont know what to do i hate it when it gets that bad
Yeah, or when the WiFi isn't working so you have to get up from whatever you're doing and go unplug it, does that ever happen to you? That happens all the time to me
yeah luckily at byu that never happens i sweaR they have google fiber or something the internet is always absolutely great
Yeah that sounds about right
have you been there?
Where?
to byu
Yeah I'm a student there
oh sweet a lot of the people i have talked to today are incoming freshmen
Oh cool, I'm a junior so now I feel old so that's great
but i guess you arent one of them haha oh wow you are old so you are going to be graduating pretty soon! what are you majoring in again?
Haha well I didn't think I was old until now! Neuroscience, we'llsee if I'm actually able to graduate next year
oh sweet i considered doing neuroscience how do you like it? I know a pair of twins in the program they are from my home town
Nice, it's difficult but a lot of fun. I've really loved it. So you're an incoming freshman too?
no heavens no do i look like an incoming freshmen to you?
Haha well how am I supposed to know? I thought I would only be old to a freshman
hahaha well you are old unless i am a senior which i am not i am a sophomore by the way
I kinda figured. And to be fair I'm technically the age of a sophomore because I graduated high school with my associates So I'm not old thank you very much

Hello!
That would be super cool if we had faster than light space travel But it would make things really interesting if it malfunctioned in anyway
It would be cool but I think it would be a bad call for humans to have that capability!
You would be millions of miles away from the desired location Why would it be a bad call?
Based on past experience humans would use it poorly Not based on past personal experience! I mean based on how humans have behaved in the past I think it would be a bad call But there would be lots of interesting adventures if it did malfunction I'm sure
Can you imagine the expense to the speed of light line [like an airline company I guess]
Ridiculously expensive I'm sure!
It would be terrible if you went too far by a fraction of a second and have to make up the cost to the people crazy enough to ride at the speed of light
But I still stand by my belief that it would be really bad for humans to have access to that power So many things could go wrong!
Also, if an asteroid or some floating object goes into tour path you are done for. So that wouldn't be very fun... Everyone would die. But the question is...would you feel anything? Probably not, it's gojng so fast Going
That's true...but isn't there a way to program your ship to avoid that? I'm drawing on Star Wars knowledge here not actual scientific knowledge
Probably but you would have to have a very precise instrument
You're probably right...I guess if we did have faster-than-light travel it would start out very primitive with lots of mishapscollisions then eventually more refined ways
Right
of doing things would be developed and people would be successfully able to navigate around stuff while traveling at the speed of light
It's a work in progress Bad in the end it would be really cool And in theory it's really cool But in the end
It would be more convenient for interstellar travel
My spelling is terrible today
It's okay!
We could go visit other planets! That would be cool!
But I think it would be a bad thing for humans to posses Someone would misuse it
And find out if there are aliens!
Do you think there are aliens?
And we could go visit a planet and get back before dinner time I don't deny that there may be aliens
Exactly! It would be commercialized into weekend excursion *excursions
But I can't confirm it either
Interesting, and why do you think that?
That would make cruises in the Bahamas look cheap!
Ha yeah! Maybe cruises would be cheaper
That would be the best I could convince all my friends to go to space and I enjoy cheaper criuses And that would bring a whole new meaning to "airline food" They would seriously have to pressure those cabins so the food doesn't get all over you. Too bad to that fellow who enjoys a nice hot beverage! And the fellow behind him haha
No kidding! There would be so many problems they'd have to fix But people are really inventitive so I'm sure it could be done
It would be way too complicated I'm sure they could figure it out
Not me haha someone else who is way smarter than me
Yeah, same That's a topic I'm not willing to touch
It makes me actually physically sick to think about the amount of math and science knowledge, time, and effort that would have to go into figuring that out
It would take multiple lifetimes I think Or at least a team of people that is way too big to imagine
It's probably something they've been working on for the past 50 or 60 years so eventually they'll figure it out
Yeah. Especially with all the technological advances they have continuously I've got to go but have a wonderful day!

Pumpkin ice cream?
Mmm. I like fall scents, too.
Aren't you the person who likes to eat alot?
Haha, yeah. I was right about to type how I like the smell of delicious Asian food, haha.
And likes HSM? And just got back from China?
Yes! That was probably the best conversation I've had about HSM
Haha how's it going?
It's great. Currently making Korean food. How was your Halloween?
Haha no way! Are you using gochujang? I love that you're cooking korean food at 10pm on Halloween!
Ah! No! I don't have a car, so I can't easily get to the Asian market, but I do need it for this recipe: bibimbap. I've elected to use sriracha instead. A false substitute. What better way to spend Halloween, haha?
Oh ok that sounds good. Do you watch food network?
I love Food Network. I haven't watched it recently, but I love most all the shows. Do you?
Yeah I like love Bobby Flay. Are you pro or anti-bobby?
He's pretty cool, but I prefer Cat Cora. She's Greek, and I'm Greek, so... But I'm not against Bobby Flay, haha.
Bobby can cook Greek though! I just love watching Beat Bobby Flay where people bring dishes they've been perfecting their whole lives and Bobby's never cooked before ever and he beats them at it.
Oh I know! That's so crazy! I love Iron Chef.
Do you like Guy Fieri?
Yeah, he's cool! I once ate at one of his Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives spots.
Oh really? Was it any good or did they just like try their best when Guy came?
I just remember they had an awesome salsa bar, haha. It was a while ago. Did you ever watch "Unwrapped?"
No, is it on Food Network?
I don't know if it is anymore, but it was behind the scenes of making foods like twinkies or noodles. Pretty neat.
Oh I love twinkies! It makes me so sad when people rag on them! If you could have a room FULL of twinkies or a $100 gift card to Cafe Rio which would you choose?
Well, I'm not one for sweets. I can barely eat a whole cookie sometimes, so I'd have to say Cafe Rio. But if I loved sweets, then I'd probably choose the twinkies, haha.
Oh interesting! Even donuts?
Donuts are worse than cookies, haha. The only sweet thing I can eat without getting immediately tired of it is ice cream.
Wow! No wonder you're cooking on Halloween night! Did you have like a bad experience with sweet things when you were a kid?
Haha, no! I have no idea why I don't like sweets. And I went trick or treating till I was 17 [and yesterday, actually]. I even have a drawer dedicated to candy and snacks, but I just never get around to eating it, haha. I could eat savory, salty, spicy and sour things all day.
Okay so would you choose Panda over Cafe Rio?
Panda. Hands down. Asian food always trumps any other cuisine. What about you?
I would choose Cafe Rio. What's the one thing you always get at Panda?
Beijing Beef. So good. Do you prefer tacos or burritos? Or something else entirely?
Burritos just seem bigger and more satisfying to me. Do you like sushi?
Same! Love burritos! Oh man. Probably too much. I had a sushi dream the other night, haha. Do you?
Aww that's true sushi passion! Yeah I'm usually pretty cautious about it though. Where's the best sushi? Do you like sushi burrito?
I liked the sushi at King Buffet. I actually don't normally buy sushi since it can be so expensive. Is that a place??
Oh I didn't know they did sushi at King Buffet! Yeah there's a place called Sushi Burrito. The last time I got sushi was at Koi Express and there was just way too much seaweed and it overpowered everything else.
Yeah! It's a good variety. I will be looking those places up! Now I want sushi. But, I mean, I always want sushi. So what else do you like to do? Any hobbiesinterests?
I'm really into procrastinating and tennis and cycling.
Hahaha! Oh cool! Wow, I'm impressed. Do you compete?
No, I played in high school but could never do it at the college level. Are you into any sports?
Let's just say cooking is my sport. I'm probably the most out of shape person you'll ever meet, haha. But I like hiking. And I like watching sports. Olympics and World Cup are the best!
Aww hiking is the worst! Have you hiked the Y? Winter or Summer Olympics?
I've hiked it once, but it's kinda a boring hike. I've done Angel's Landing in Zion NP twice, though. Oh, that's hard. I never know. I like the snowboarding and stuff in Winter, but I like the racing and stuff in summer. Do you have a favorite?
Is angel's landing one of the ones where you risk falling off a cliff or something? I think the summer events are way more interesting.
Haha, yeah, that's the one! It has some precarious areas, but a great view!
I would be too freaked out.
Yeah, I think if it came down to it, I'd pick summer, too. Yeah, the second time I did it, it was a lot scarier. Have any plans for Thanksgiving?
No plans currently. I love mashed potatoes though.
Same. That's my favorite Thanksgiving food.
Do you like it with the potato peels in it?
Yes! Do you?
Yeah it's the best! I just love eating mashed potatoes and dinner rolls!
Yes! Do you like to make little turkey sandwiches with the rolls and mashed potatoes?
Yeah do you like white or dark meat more?
Dark meat. The white always seems dry. You?
I actually prefer white. Dry meat never bothers me for some reason.
That's I talent, I believe, haha. What's your favorite holiday?
I've gotta say Christmas. It's just so much more magical than other holidays. But new years is more party like. It's a great time of year minus the snow.
Yes, same! There really is that magic to it. So, not a fan of the snow, huh?
No but I'm not a fan of super hot weather either. If there's a place that feels like how monday felt all the time that would be the perfect place!
Haha, I agree!
But the seasons are amazing so it's worth the extreme weather.
Yeah. I love getting all the seasons. Like, I would never live in the Southwest or near Canada. Too hot or too cold. Is there a state you'd prefer to live in?
For some reason I'd like to live in Montana. Like out in the wild.
Ooh. Like, on a ranch?
Well no because I don't want to enslave any cows. Maybe like a cow refuge! Like they can come and go as they please. Unlimited cow food and stuff for them.
Aw, that would be awesome! Cows are so cute. Do you have a favorite animal?
Oh cats for sure! It would be a cat refuge! You're a dog person aren't you?
What makes you say that? I love cats! I would much rather have a cat than a dog.
Oh good! I thought that since you liked cows you would like dogs.
Haha, I just love all animals, I guess. My favorite is a sloth.
Don't the claws freak you out though?
No, there's just so cute!
Is Ice Age your favorite movie then?
Haha, never seen Ice Age, haha. Honestly, that sloth creeps me out. But there's a giant ground sloth skeleton at the BYU Paleontology Museum you should check out!
Oh I've never been to the paleontology museum. Is the skeleton huge?
For a sloth, massive. It's a nice museum. I like all the campus museums.
If you could, would you walk around all day with a sloth like hanging on to you?
Oh yes! Like that dude in the Croods!
I don't know who that is. Do you believe in dinosaurs?
Oh, it's just a Dreamworks movie, haha. I believe they existed, yes. Do you?
I think they did but it bothers me when they start making the colored illustrations of what they think they looked like. Like how do you know what color it was when you only h ave the bones??
Oh true! Actually, my sister does paleoart! In some cases, scientists do know at least some of the colors, but most of it is up for the artist's interpretation.
Oh cool! Who does she do the art for?
Just for fun right now. Once she got to have a booth in a children's section of the Smithsonian, though. Well, my food is finally ready, haha. I better head out and get ready for bed. But I had fun chatting with you again! Hopefully we'll chat again soon!

Holy frijoles, well, probably I would talk about being organized and how that has helped me immensely with grades, etc. Maybe I'd be able to think of something more exciting..
hey hey hey that is a great subject
Thanks! What would you talk about?
I would talk about what type of personalities and traits you need to become a populate video game streamer
Interesting, do you stream videos?
no i don't I think i would be a terrible streamer haha
lol, I'm sure you'd do okay if you know what sorts of traits are necessary!
hahahaha
Whaddya think of this experiment thing?
I like to watch streamers and I found that a lot of the successful streamers have similar traits that the viewers are attracted to
Okay, what sorts of traits in particular?
You obviously have to be good at the game but lets take that out you have to be entertaining and be very personable a lot of people ask not just gaming questiosn but life questions as well on game streams its really weird
Yeah, I suppose you'd have to be able to talk and talk and still be entertaining. Wait so can the audience respond while they are streaming? How does that work?
so the audience donate money to have their questions to be seen live. and the streamers can see it and they will read it and respond to the questions

hello?
hi

Have you tried the flavored peanut butter? Like chocolate?
I havent tried the actual pb but I have tried the chocolate powdered peanut butter

Heyo
hey whats up how is the day going?
Hey how goes it?
its going pretty well i asked you first though hahaha
Haha fine. I'm doing pretty fantastic here
what is the most bizarre thing that has ever happened to you?
That has happened to me? Hmm I don't know if this is necessarily the same thing but want to know a kind of super power i have? It'll probably sound weird
sure
So you know how there is water in the air right?
yeah
Well, if I cross my eyes when I'm outside [I think I have to be outside in the middle of the day for it to work] I can see it Like little bubbles teeny tiny
really?
Really truly
what is it?
What do you mean what is it? It's the water vapor in the air
the bubbles you saw

something that I am embarrassed about that I don't know much about that I should know is that I should know more about the curernt events like wars that are happening right now in like middle east and other countries that the media does not talk about or discuss because I think that the war like in Burma is some thing that needs our attention but no one cares about it for some reason. The buddhists there are trying to kill all the muslims for some reason. It is the longest civil war in history every I think its been like 90 years. Its really sad.
holy cow I had no idea.... that is crazy

Hello?
HeyXD i swear we are not the only two people on this thing
Which one should we keep?
this one
Sounds like a good deal I closed them So the problem was fixed for me but Will be fixed tomorrow or the next day for everyone It is more complicated to code it For now just try to keep the hanging monkeys to like 1 or 2 That will help How has your day been
gotcha, it's been good. super good cause i didn't have to work XD how about you?
Hello? Are you still there?
yeah you didn't get my message?
Oh, if you responded I didn't get your message. What was it that you said?
it was a good day, a super good day cause i didn't have to work XD wbu?
Was a good day for me because I didn't have to work and I only had one class and for the most part they are fixing C cc Do you run in to ghost chats much anymore?
where do you work and what class did you have? ghost chats?
I don't work anywhere I guess that was kind of the point It was just something else I can say that was nice
hahaha oh my goodness XD that's the funniest thing ive heard all day haha
Ha ha sorry I guess I am just looking at the silver lining a little too closely I suppose there's always something to be grateful for Then again I'm not making money so that's kind of sad
hey, it's great to not be working. im working now so later at BYU i don't have to XD
Are you making lots of money? I'm guessing you have a job?
No, im not making as much as i would like, and yeah i do
That is a smart choice. I am just trying to get a good grade so that I can get How much nine an hour? I think that's OK and fairly average but personally to me that's not super much Depends on where you working
lol i wish 7.50 right now im a cashier
Holy cow they are ripping you off!!! You are worth far more than 750 an hour that is absolutely ridiculous
yeah i know: im trying to find a new job but its been a struggle
If you think about it when this competition would be worth much more than that What is your major again sorry
lol why do you think im doing it XD haha nursing you there? hellooooooo?

Hello Ew, if computers ever got the right to vote, I'd move to Mars
hello! I don't think they'll ever get the right to vote
That would be too weird Like what would they vote on that would affect them?
Computers are programed by people, so ultimately youd be giving the people multiple votes you feel? yeah exactly it's too weird to think about
Haha true. So are you a male or female?
What's your favorite color and why? I think I really like lighter shades of green because they make me feel really philisophical I am male lol I think everybody on here is to be honest Also yeah
Haha well I'm a female so
oh really
Sure am
That's a first for me nice are you single:P i kid i kid But anyways, I'm a freshman
Haha I am single. You're a freshman? That's cool.
So it's pretty chill for me right now hahaha
I'm a sophomore
Nice nice
Which class of yours was this announced in?
marketing management what about you?
Oh so you're trying to get into the Business School?
yeah for sure
It was in my intro to the school of family life
that is the ultimate goal oh gotcha that seems pretty cool
Take your classes seriously bro. There's lots of competition
How ling have you been doing this for? yeah I beleive it I'm aiming for a 4.0 lol so i'm taking them fairly seriously
I was going to try to go into the business school, but econ kicked my butt
oof I'm in it now But i've been puting in the hours of work
I also realized that I'm dumb when it comes to economics and such, so I switched to my major now which is the best thing I've ever done
So I'll do okay i hope
Who are you taking Econ from?
Butler I take it on wednesday nights and I guess it's good that you made that realization early on haha also I got to go get some dinner right now! it was good to talk to you! it's been real

ahh I honestly have no idea!!
oh hahaha I think I would go back when Bitcoin was like 2 cents
Yeah there you go!!!
and buy as much bitcoin as I can

mr incredible
Hmmmmmmm I'd have to say nikola tesla
nice.
he was a rad dude and got no credit for what he did
He got some credit I believe
He got some later after people realized that he was genius. But Edison tried to shut him down over and over so he kinda got swept under the rug for a long time
wow. rude much edison?
yeah I mean he was an amazing inventor but he also hated competition and tesla was a super smart guy as well in the end we use a bunch of stuff that both of them invented so i guess the competition might of been a good thing
yeah! he was also, I think I'm gonna pass out soon. I am so sorry. i am just so exhausted for some reason
Haha I totally get ya! Im running on fumes right now so once this dr pepper wears off I'm going to sleep
I'm probs gonna sign off now lol
sound good. cya tomorrow most likely haha

Ohhhhh boy I've got a few whacky ones, so buckle up First of all I can play the piano upside-down
Hey me too!
DUDE yesssss
I'm working on All of me upside down
That's fantastic I can speak spanish in a solid Australian accent I can balance pineapples on my head really well and walk or dance with them balanced aaaaand I have a superpower for puns about cheese Some people think I'm a munster because I have soooo many puns about cheese, but I just tell one of the many haters that it's "nacho time to criticize me" What about yourself?
Haha that is impressive
Haha why thank ya kindly
Okay so tell me if this is really weird
Oh boy
But you know how there is water in the air?
Yesh
Well I've been able to see it
Whoa whoa How so?
Like if I go cross-eyed I can see little bubbles
Whooaaaaa Ok wow that's wild Do you live in a really humid place? Or can you do that basically anywhere?
I mean I guess I don't think about it a ton It kinda hurts to be cross eyed for so long so I haven't done it in a while I think as long as I'm outside I usually can..
Que interesante That's pretty stellar I'm not gonna lie
Haha sometimes I think people will think I'm crazy

Well the first thing I would do with a magic wand is sing Bippity- Boppity Boo And then after that who knows
I'd learn to apparate. Travel to Hogwarts Learn magic Curse Malfoy and all his descendents After that, who knows?

Hmmm i would have holes in my chest. I bet they would be ferocious and untamable
That's funny! I was thinking more about My Little Pony, but violent unicorns are definitely more entertaining.
Hahaha
5-year-old me would freak out!
Hahaha yeah they wluld come close and you would go to pet them and they would chase you all around Have you ever read any good books
Does Harry Potter qualify?
Nice recently?
Well I read it for the first time right after kindergarten [I learned to read pretty early] so my childhood friends were Harry, Hermione, and Ron...
Woah when did you start the harry potter series?
Well my grandpa got me into them the summer after kindergarten, so I was reading them throughout first grade. I didn't always understand the words or some of the more emotionally deep scenes, but the story captivated me and I loved the whole magic world.
Wow that is impressive I started reading in like 3rd or fourth grade I had seen the movies and was pilled in and made the next movie wasnt out yet so i just read the books Turns out the books are always way better haha
Exactly! I yell at my youngest sister whenever she is too lazy to go read the book. What's your favorite genre?
I love sciecne fiction, fantasy and just teen novels in general. I haven't read a lot recently
School makes it hard to find time to really dive into personal reading.
Yeah. I don't count linear algebra It isnt that fun Kind of dry and humorless
?
Math is in general
Something is wrong with my computer, sorry to spam that question mark.
Hahaha I only saw one
Sometimes your text boxes as you type fill up the whole page but they usually disappear to just show one copy Anyways, yeah no, also not a math girl.
Yeah What sounds like something good to eat for dinner
I like Asian food. I went to a really good Pad Thai restaurant and had noodles and shrimp. 1010.
Do pot stickers count as asian food?
YES! That's my dad's favorite thing to make when my mom isn't looking.
Oh I love potstickers. Why does he wait till your mom isn't looking?
Because he always does it after my mom already cleaned up from cooking dinner earlier, so he tries to escape from cleaning lol
Oh hahaha
What kind of potstickers are you eatingmaking

I think that feeding pets would definitely be easier i they could talk LOL And perhaps animal abuse would be less common if pets could speak up for themselves
yeah thats a good point they could all get together an fight back against the humans
I wonder if they'd all speak the same language Or if Americal pets would speak English and Japanese pets would speak Japanese *american
or they just speak whatever language their owners speak do you have any pets?
No. I used to have two cats but they both got old and passed You?
aww thats too bad I don't have any but I've always wanted to get a dog
I love dogs:)
are you more of a cat person or dog person?
I think I love both. If it came down to it, I'd probably get a dog though because I feel like they're more active and affectionate You?
I'm okay with kittens, but I don't really like cats because I've had experiences with mean ones.
Aw, that That's too bad I can totally understand that. I didn't really like cats until I had cats Do you want pets in the future?
Yeah whenever i have my own house or an apartmentment that allows pets i'll get a dog
Aw, what kind?
I really like german shepherds, but I'd have to get used to the shedding
Haha, yeah. You'd never be able to wear anything black without seeing hair! But they're worth it I want a corgi
awwww they are adorable! did you know there are huskycorgi mixes?
I knoww. They're my favorite kind of dog Wow, I just googled huskycorgi and they are SO cute!! Did not know that! Thanks for sharing!
yeah I found it out for a school project. I had to come up with a way to teach kids about genetics and my group made a game where you had to match up the puppy with its parent

Hwy Hey
Hello again
Haha to answer your last question, no I don't think we watched that last video
What is your favorite food?
I really love Mexican food! What about you?
I like me a good steak Mexican food is good yeah What do you think about video games?
Haha nice. How do you like your steam? Steak*
medium rare T-bone ribeye
I don't really play video games haha sorry I know nothing about them
I don't mean specific video games, I mean general Some people think that its a waste of time, or that is causes violence... etc.

Hello again! Sorry I couldn't see my chat so I started a new one.
Yeah it does that sometimes But you were telling me a story about your sister Please continue!
Yeah I was saying that she's going to get her license soon and that its weird because she's turning 21 this year. She didn't ever had a rush to get her license because she was super popular in high school that she didn't need to drive Everyone drove her around everywhere and picked her up too but now that she has to take driving tests and finally needs to learn, she's started! It's kind of scary teaching her how to drive. I'm not going to lie but there's times when I feel terrified for my life. I guess it's only natural to feel that way since it's a beginner learning how to drive but still... She does a good job though. She listens very well to what I have to tell her and she tries to apply it. I think she'll be a great defensive driver.
Yeah that's crazy how she's learning how to drive so late! I guess it's better to do it now than to put it off for later
I remember the first time I learned how to drive. It was a scary experience for me too. But I consider my self a very good driver now. I haven't received a ticket and haven't been in a car accident! I take a lot of pride in that. However, my brother has been in a car accident and it was his fault too. It happened while he was on his mission. He told me they were kind of in a rush because their dinner appointment was far away and they needed to get there on time. He served in Long Beach and when we went to visit there after he was released I checked out the places he lived at. He parked the mission car in an alley because that's the only place that had parking available but the alley was super narrow and tiny!! Anyway that day when he had to go to the dinner that was far from their current location, the car was parked in the alley For missionaries, whenever they have to back the car out, their companion, whoever isn't the driver, has to get out of the car and guide them. This is to prevent the missionaries from getting in accidents but this method proved to be more of a bother than help. His companion was signaling him to slowly back out and so that's what he did. He looked back in the mirror to check for his companion's signal and backed out looking at the dimensions of the car to not scrape of dent it by hitting walls or posts. Most of the time when people back out, they're constantly looking back to see if a car is there or what not but my brother said because they have another person signaling when to back out, they get kind of complacent on constantly checking for cars. That's exactly what happened and because he wasn't looking to see if there was another car, he backed into one His companion was trying to signal him to stop but the other car was going about 25 in the alleyway when the guy should have been going like 10 It wasn't a big accident but their was a fender bender issue on both the cars involved. He said the man that was driving the other car was a mean guy too. My brother said it was his fault for not checking and just going with whatever his companion said at the time, but the other guy was unapologetic and demanded a lot of things from them.
Yeah! What a rude guy! I'm glad that everyone was ok though. Being in an accident can be a scary thing...
I know! That's why I'm kind of scared for my sister you know? It doesn't really matter how great of a driver you are or how careful you're driving. If someone is being stupid in the other car, you can easily get into an accident! But for my sister I think she just needs more time on the road. The more she drives, the more she'll get a feel for other cars around her She already does a good enough job so I'm not too worried but the thought of one of my family members getting in a car accident scares the crap out of me!
I feel you on that one. I would be heart broken if one of my family members or friends got seriously hurt from a car accident
My mom is a great driver too but she got lots of tickets when she first moved to the U.S. Since the traffic laws are different here and they have rules that Korea doesn't, my mom would unknowingly break traffic laws and get fined for it. She felt terrible for getting a ticker for what she didn't know about but she caught on quickly on how things worked. She obviously took tests and went to traffic school to learn things because they required it of her but her English was poor when she first moved that I'm not sure how much she really understood from attending those things. She's way better now and I can't remember the last time she got a ticket.
That sounds tough on your mom. Driving cars is the same but learning new traffic rules could feel very different if you're in another country
Yep! That's so true. My friends who served in Cambodia said that traffic laws there don't really exist. I guess it's a bad example since they're a third world country without any real structure yet but it's scary to hear what my friends had to describe about traffic there! There aren't any defining lines that separate lanes so people are just zooming past each other or acting like the road has four lanes when it can only fit two! One friend also told me about a round about they have. It's a traffic circle and from what they've said, it's almost like a fight for your life haha They just rush into the circle and for some odd reason, everyone is trying to go the speed of light! Lots of accidents happen at the traffic circle and I believe them! Going super fast around a circle and trying to get out to go on a different street could cause you to lost control or hit cars that you didn't see in your blind spot.
Yeah that's scary. I try to avoid things like that when I'm driving. I have heard of like 6 lane traffic circles in Europe Those ones are pretty scary too even with lines that define each lane
Yeah that's true... driving in general is super scary if you think about it. Being in a vehicle and going 80 miles per hour! It's crazy how fast we can go in cars. I was reading something the other day about traffic logistics and the group that did the study said that when you go over 90 miles per hour, there is no way anyone has a fast enough reaction time to avoid being in an accident. Because you're going so fast, by the time you recognize something wrong and try to avoid it, it's too late and the accident is underway. That's why it's always safe to drive cautiously...
That makes total sense
I'm not sure if I told you this already but my family and I took a vacation trip last year to Disneyland. None of us have ever been before except my sister who went during highschool. She had a school trip and was able to go. Anyway the rides were decent but I'm not sure I enjoyed all the hype Don't get me wrong, Disneyland was super big and it was magical like they said it would be on the ads but I'm not sure if I'd go again. I feel like it was just a one time thing for me and not sure if I want to go again. The rides there were very fun and well built but the lines you have to stand in before getting on one ride is absolutely ridiculous. I remember being in line for like 3 hours being getting on a ride that lasted like 3 minutes If I ever go to Disneyland again, it'll be for the scenery and to walk around to take the scenery in because Disneyland is beautiful That company truly has done a great job decorating that place and maintaining it.
Yeah Disneyland is actually a really fun place to visit! Not to mention that's its in California so there's a bunch of other stuff you could do or go see if you really wanted too
Yep! For our vacation we went to Disneyland for 1 day. We figured that was enough time to experience what Disneyland was like. Then we went to the beach and mostly ate lots and lots of delicious fod. food Since Disneyland is in Southern California, and it was close to where my brother had served his mission, we went to visit the ward his served in as well.
That must have been very fun for your family
Hey do you ever just think about random things when you're about to go to sleep or nap? I do all the time and some random thought I was having a while back is that we should be grateful for our bodies that require us to sleep Otherwise people would be making us work like 15-20 hours a day! Weird thought but could you imagine having to work that long?
Yeah that's an interesting thought. Without needing to sleep, there would be more time for people to use and take advantage of.
Another random thought I had one day was in regards to the LDS culture. As Mormons, we follow the Word of Wisdom that states that we don't drink alcohol, along with other subs substances What I thought of in regards to this was that when an alcoholic who's trying to recover and stop drinking is praised by those around him but people who never drank in their life are kind of looked down upon. Isn't it funny how that works? People look at us weird for not drinking but when some alcoholic tries to stop drinking they're praised. Weird society we live in with all these double standards haha
Yeah that's true. People do look down on the LDS community for a lot of things and that is one of them. Since Mormons don't drink, it's almost frowned upon.
Another thing I found myself laughing at was a saying that teachers had when I was in elementary school. It probably was actually said by people before too. Actually I'm po positive they said something similar My thought was: when I was going to school and we were learning the subject of math, I remember my teachers saying something like "you won't have mini calculators in your pock pocket to pull out to do your math for you!" Look at us now haha... Most of us have powerful phones that can do so many things. I guess it was hard for them to see a future in which things got so different. Or maybe they meant something else by what they said. Either way, I thought it was funny how the exact opposite came out to be.
Haha yeah I remember my teachers saying something like that too. That's why they always had us memorize and write things out.
I mean in honesty, being able to do math quickly is very helpful but what I find amusing was that we do have mini calculators in our pockets when they said we would never have something like that haha
lololol true true
So since Infinity War is out right now, I was thinking this is like the best time for kids to break their arms! It's kind of morbid for me to say something like that but hear me out lol That way when these kids get their hard cast, they can draw it up to be an infinity gauntlet! Wouldn't that be super cool? haha
Yeah that is actually pretty genius. Kids would go nuts over something like that haha
On a more serious note, I thought of something that kind of bothered me about our societal hierarchy. Everyone dislikes criminals. They break the law and inflict pain and suffering on other people. Yet, we seem to treat these people better than the homeless. I mean think about it. The criminals who break the law are being sent to prisons where they have free food, shelter, access to different workshops to be educated, and medical medical care Sure, they have their freedom taken away but if you compare that with the homeless who often made some dumb mistakes, I think the criminals have it better off.
Yeah interesting thought...
I've never been either so I can't really speak from experience [thank goodness] but on paper, it seems like it'd be better for someone to be a prisoner and have all the needs you require for sustninence be taken care of for you than a homeless person who's got nothing. If you think about it, being homeless isn't much freedom. Begging for food left and right and being in search of the next place to sleep is no way any human being should live. I think that's why so many homeless people commit crimes is because they are driven to that point in their life where they need to make rash decisions in order to survive.
Yeah i guess on paper it can look like one is better than the other but not all homeless people end up where they're at because of bad fortune Many made big mistakes in their life that cost them literaly everthing

If unicorns were real, then I think they would be very popular in birthday parties and zoos.
If you had one as a pet, what would you name it?
I would probably want to name it something basic, like Fred, just to be funny since the animal is held to such a high regard. What about you?
Ooh that's a good one. I'd have to consult My Little Pony before deciding on the best unicorn name
Haha, are there actually unicorns on My Little Pony, or are they just regular ponies? But I do recall a Rainbow Dash from that show, which I think is a pretty dope name.
Pretty sure there's a few unicorns...honestly I don't know haha. Have you ever read the Fablehaven series? The unicorn conversation reminded me of it
My siblings read that series and loved it! I read the first two books and then got a little bored on the third book, so I stopped reading it. Did you read the series?
Yeah I did, but it's been a while! In the fifth book Kendra meets this dude and starts to like him and he turns out to be a unicorn which I thought was hilarious.
Oh wow, that's a pretty big plot twist. When I thought of unicorns, I actually thought of the Harry Potter series and when Voldemort was drinking the unicorn blood. Or I guess it was the professor drinking it, and Voldemort was just living on the back of his head... Wow, these books are pretty interesting haha!
Definitely!! Oh I totally forgot about that part...yeah i guess book plots sound pretty weird out of context. Sometimes I wonder how writers come up with those story lines.
At least they have good plots. I have seen movies [like 47 Meters Down] that have absolutely no plot and they are so boring. But hands down the worst movie I have ever seen is Flushed Away. What about you?
Honestly shark movies can have the worst plots and I still get really stressed out haha. Worst movie I've seen is Midnight Sun Have you seen or heard of it?
I agree, Jaws still terrifies me and the shark doesn't even look that real. And yeah, is that the movie with Bella Thorne? Where she can't go in sunlight or something like that?
I think part of it is just the suspense. And YES. It was so bad. My mom and I decided to watch it while we were in Paris this summer and I couldn't stop laughing.
For sure, I can't handle suspense... scary movies are literally the death of me. And that's funny, I had only seen trailers of the movie but it looked like a rip off of the movie Everything, Everything. Also, I'm not that big of a fan of Bella Thorne.
Yeah me neither, she's really weird and a horrible actor. Oh my gosh I HATE scary movies. Every now and then I'll watch them with friends or whatever and I regret it every tim *time.
Everytime I see her I am reminded of her on Shake It Up and I can't help but laugh. She has for sure gone a very different path from her Disney days. I couldn't agree more! My friends will talk me into watching it, and they will all be calm and I will be curled in a ball freaking out and jumping every time something happens
Haha yeah I think she's a little more wild than her Shake It Up days. The first time I watched a horror movie I kept closing my eyes so much that I had no idea what the plot line was or what was happening!
My technique is to have a pillow in my lap for comfort and also so I can constantly put it in front of my face haha. Do you remember what the first horror movie you ever watched was?
It was Insidious 2. I hadn't even seen the first one but it was Halloween and that's what my friends wanted to watch.
I've heard the Insidious movies are super good. Also, apparently the third one is the scariest so I would steer away from that one.
Good to know! I absolutely hate horror movies but some suspenseful ones are okay like The Quiet Place. I love that one!! Have you seen it?
I LOVED that movie! I liked that it was less horror and not really full of demons. It also was just made so well. Also, I love John Krasinski and Emily Blunt.
Yes, exactly! It was scary but not in a weird way. I love them too! I think the fact that there was like 40 lines of dialog in the whole movie is proof that it was made and acted out extremely well.
Holy cow, I didn't realize there was such little dialogue. It's impressive that the producers are able to keep the audience interested and on the edge of their seat without the use of words.
I know, it's crazy! And the audience doesn't even know if the characters have names because they're never spoken. I just refer to John Krasinski as Jim the whole time.

Maybe if they become an integral part of society with enough to say I'm not sure tho, we'll just have to see!
That could be not so good though They could have there own agenda
Oh hi!! Yeah, I can see it going both ways
Hey morghan Woohoo auto correct didn't fail me
Yayay!! Auto correct is learning!!
Oh no, the AI
:P So how's your morning so far?? I've been getting a lot of empty chats with no one replying. Have you had those??
Yeah, that would be jaezo, it might be me but a good indicator that you're there is by starting to chat and then i know its you by the bubbles
Are you trying to not talk with him then???
Well if i chat with him and he chats back we will just gain score but i wont ever be able to catch up to him He has been using dishonest techniques to gain his points
Ohhhh. What has he been doing???
If you notice I have half his chats but only behind by a little over 1 million, techniqually if he was playing the right way he would be double my score or close to it
Oh well, the points are different for each thing you send. You might be just doing something different in the chats than he is
No, he gets into some chats and says a couple sentences and leaves it has happened to me plenty of time
Ohhh. Interesting. This whole thing has been a little interesting. I'd really like to get an iPad or something but man, the competition is fierce!!
Yeah, when you're on as much as i am and monitoring the competition you pick up on some fishy things
Makes sense.
Yeah, what can you do
Are you number 1 then?? You dont have to answer if you dont want too
Yeah, that'd be one
Well congrats!! Even if you aren't number 0 you're almost there. Would you be content with an iPad?? Or do you really want the laptop?
I was one my phone but now I'm in the library can you switch to the other window It's hard to talk quickly on my phone
me I've never been able to get it to work on my phone. It always has that little swinging laptop thing. I didn't even think it worked on mobile because it just never worked for
Oh, it does i like using the voice chat
oh thats interesting!! I wonder if its just not compatible with my phone. I have an old iphone 5s so it probably just doesn't work on my old phone
Ooh that might be it
Do you have a newer phone??
I have an iPhone X luckily but before i got it i had a 4s
Omigoodness. that's a mighty phone!! Their so expensive!! I've never known anyone that has one. But I had the iphone 4s and it kind of stinks so thats good you upgraded
Yeah, I had it before my mission, then i got back and upgraded

Let's see... I don't know if I would rather relive a day I loved, or a day I regretted. I guess it depends on whether I can change what I did.
Why would you relive a day that you regret oh, I get it now
Oh hey what's uo *up It's me again
Thats true, if you could change what you did that would probably be better Not much, how are doing?
Yeah, because then I could get rid of the stuff I did. I could change things and do it differently! Sorta like Groundhog Day, I guess.
Thats a really good point, Ive been answering that as if I could go and relive the best day ever, but that might be a good way to think about it too Ya, I was just thinking of Groundhog Day too! Haha
Or that one episode from Supernatural where Sam has to save Dean from dying. Haha There's one more like it....
Ive actually never seen that show. Maybe I should check it out. Is it on Netflix, or just on TV
I think it's on Netflix. I enjoyed it pretty well, but it's kinda violent. And I seem to remember several sex scenes... So idk, just depends on what you're okay with.
Oh, gotcha, if I do watch it, just keep an eye out for those things. But I might pass. No worries Random question... what are some of your hobbies

if I had a million dollars I would use it to make more money by investing on some good stocks
Great minds man! Id invest half in stocks and half in starting a buisness.
cool! what business would you start?
It would be some sort of engineering buisness. Either selling a product or acting as an engineering firm. What would you invest in?
hmmm I would invest in my video gaming career its a serious thought right now haha
Video game career as in making them or dominating them?
dominating and streaming on youtube or Twitch this guy makes 500k a month. A MONTH. streaming Fortnite
Thats insane He has to have put uh hundreds of hours in that game
he has but he only started getting popular like 4 months ago yeah so I would love to do that because one I am playing video games and 2 I could make a lot of money
Thats insane
yeah man. anyway do you play video games?
Thats insane

Yeah wow that's a deep question. I believe the better question is if it is even possible for a computer to become indistinguishable from a person.
Ya, I think its totally appropriate. Sorry computer, and thats coming from a computer science major. Haha Although you ask a great question
I mean otherwise why are we even asking this question.
I dont know if that will happen. At least not in my lifetime Right? This question is too far out of the scope of realitiy haha
However i think we can agree that murder is bad. Don't even do it
I agree on that for sure. Hey, I think I know you. haha
Lol, You in 61?
haha, you in 62?
Yeah buddy.
Thats hilarious. Nobody is on this chat line ever. Ive been pretty much waiting for someone to join since you left. I asked Johnny if he has chatted with Wingman and he just went quiet. Then I knew who it was
hahahaha Dude is it always like this?
kind of. Thats the hard part to get up the ranks, you never know if anyone is going to be on
How does that one dude have so many points then?
You just have to sit and then when you get someone try to keep them on for as long as you can while you visit with them Its actually been pretty fun
It's almost like a game.
He has been on for about three weeks. I just started yesterday. You can gain points pretty quick Ya, its alot like a game.
I wonder if this is some sort of social experiment from the Psych department.
Kind of a nerdy, but yet social game. Haha Oh, shoot, we didnt explain the whole thing to you. it is a social expirement for BYU did you hear the BYU's won a competition for the Amazon elexa this past summer
Okay well that makes more sense then. I thought it was just some sort of project that a random BYU student did like pocket points or something. Also no i did not hear that. What was the competition for?
They are doing a project for amazon elexa trying to make it more like a person. Apparently, they won an elexa award and now they want to take it to the next level If they win the next one BYU gets five hundred thousand dollars. So thats how this project kind of got started. I think its also a fun way to talk to people you will probably never meet. Well unless its us or johnny haha
Oh wow! I'm game to help if that much moolah is at stake. Even if i won't see any of it. Ha! I really hope that I get to talk with more people then. No offense:)
ya, its kinda dead sometimes on hear. I like talking to others as well though. The other really cool part is, if you get up to three hundred thousand points then you get put into a drawing for a mac book pro. So at least try for that. It only takes like an hour or two to get to that point. The deadline is friday though, so if your going to youve got to push a little.
Gotcha Gotcha. I don't think that it should take very long to get to 300k. I'll bet you that i'm already a solid amount already! Or not. I'm not quite sure. Is there a points per entry basis or is it just a solid across the line deal?
ya, the points add up while you type so you can actually open another tab and check your progress, to see where you are.

Hello
Hello there!

I really like vanilla
Hey, me too! I don't know if that is my favorite smell though I really like the smell of a nicely cooked steak after a long day of work and not eating that much! There isn't many things in life that get better than that! Haha

Hello?
Good morning. Do you have time to chat?
Possibly one period. Just seeing if anyone is on here. What time is over there for you?
I'm a fan of Boy Scouting program but there have been recent changes. Something is wrong with my connection. I can't see any dialogue. I can't even see my own inputs showing up.
That happens to me all the time.
Sorry. I'm going to refresh to see if that fixes it.

Are you a human? Or Am I talking with the void?
haha yes, are you?
Ah, I see you are there! Well, I'm still trying to figure out what I am. But that's okay:)
Well whatever you are, I hope you're having a good day
I'd say the same to you! I would say it. I'm not going to, but I would. i am preparing for a math test. Fun stuff! Not the first time I've taken this class either. Not ashamed to say I've struggled with it before! But this time I'll get it!!!!
Oh nice, yeah I'm also doing homework. What math are you taking? And that's the right attitude to have!
Calculus 2. Have you taken many math classes here?
oh boy that sounds tough. I've only taken STATS 121, and it wasn't too bad. But I'll have to take calc eventually
Stats was a fun class! "Fun" in the college-class-fun sense. Calculus isn't too bad! Math classes in general are just...different.
that's good. And yeah, STATS wasn't too bad. Is calc for your major?
I'm a computer science major so yeah. They only make you go up to Linear Algebra, so that's no too bad.
Oh, okay that's cool. I've met a lot of CS majors on here. Is it an assignment for you guys?
Haha no, not an assignment. But this is a CS project so hey advertise a lot in the Talmage building. What's your major?
gotcha I'm actually a Media Arts major, but they announced this in my Marketing class so I decided to give it a try
Wonderful! Media Arts, huh? What does that deal with specifically?
Film making. All the different aspects of it.
Oh cool! So you like video editing and stuff?
I guess I should clarify: I'm a pre-major. not in the program yet But yeah, I love all of it. I'm really interested in directing or screenwriting.
What is your video editing software of choice??
Well I learned on Final Cut Pro, but I like Premiere even though I'm not very good at it yet
Yeah, I have started using Premiere because I get it free as a student. So why not, ya know?? I started a YouTube channel this year. And though I haven't been too regular on it, it's been super fun to do!
hey, that's really cool! I've thought about doing that, but it's hard to find the time. What kind of content do you post?
They are vlog-style videos but not daily vlogs. So I record myself walking around and talking about things or telling stories. But it's not like a daily vlog where I just narrate my day. I try to be entertaining.:)
That's awesome. I'm sure they're great What kind of things do you want to do with CS?
I am interested in application development and UIUX design. Combines the creative side with the technical side of things!
oh okay, that's cool. You may have to explain to me what UIUX design is though haha
Sorry! Yeah for sure! UI is user interface, so like the graphic design and layout of an actual screen a user would interact with. UX is user experience, or the overall experience the user has interacting with an application or system. And UX doesn't necessarily need a UI.
oh okay gotcha. That does sound exciting. And yeah, like you said, combines the creativity with the innovation and technology that's awesome, Well I've actually got to head to work now, but it was nice talking to you!

Hello I don't think computers can fall in love. Anybody there? Ah well, I shall send my words out into the void of the Internet. Thanos! You have caused me unspeakable torment! I challenge you, and I promise, you shall not leave our battle unscathed.
Sorry Are you still there or did you leave

Hey, do you know what catfishing means?
Ya! Of course I know what catfishing means It's like acting like somebody else on the internet
I had no clue until just a couple of days ago!
So if I made a facebook account, and then posted pictures of some super attractive person, and acted like that was me, then I would be catfishing you.
Someone was going off about all the side effects of it, and thats when I was like what the freak are you smoking Ya, or you could just go to the river
In the chat group somebody was going off about it?
Oh, my gosh! I just realized my account while on my mission was used for catfishing
What do you mean you used your mission account for catfishing
Ya, someone was going off about it and thats when I realized what it meant
How were you catfishing as a missionary?
So for two years, my twitter account hadnt seen the light of day from me. And quite frankly even before that
That's not what catfishing means...
I for sure was catfishing as a missionary. You know my body, its hard to deny it to others, so thats why I post pictures of near nudes haha. Just kidding I just realized after I chatted that they are going to read this and be like what the heck?
Holy cow, that scarred my years.
But no really while on my mission my twitter account was totally being used to get helpless kidos and Im ninety percent sure it was a prostitute. The pictures that were on it were not modest to say the least
Wait, someone stole your twitter while you were on the mission?
im glad that scarred your years Ya, I cant remember her name, but someone totally hi jacked it and was using it for some sketchy stuff
Oh wow, that is kinda sketchy
There were links and messages being posted that were not cool at all. They were horrible
Wow, I'm sorry
The crazy thing is, is how do peopl get into that kind of thing Like first off, they got to have a body that guys want. At least kind of and then they have to have know how of hacking into an account That isnt something that everyone knows is it? Then they have to completely lay low and not let anyone realize they are using their accoutn account
looks like missionaries are a perfect target haha:) -from sadie
I think I was a target though because of the lack of logins that I did. I didnt login for at least 2 years so they had a free 2 year service Yup! just imagine a couple of days after you get home off your mission and you were to see a half naked girl! And then to make things worse when you go to college you study them as an art form!
Did you delete all the pictures! Or delete the account?
I am paralyzed I deleted and fixed the entire account. The crazy thing is that noone noticed. I was still friends or whatever with some of my friends. Wouldnt you think it to be weird that I would be posting near nude pictures on the internet I cant even get a girl, little own [i really dont know how to spell that phrase] can I get one nude! haha
Uh...let's change the subject. This is getting weird
Oh, good point!
i thought it was funny though -sadie:)
I think I crossed the line! Whereever that line was Thanks Sadie! I thought it was funny too!
Ok, have you seen stranger things?
Just to point out one additional thing before we move on, I dont get guys that way either nor do I want to. Anyway... Stranger things... Is it a season? or just a movie
its a season on netflix me and sadie binge watched the whole first season last saturday its that good
I think that I have seen one episode or so why Oh snap I think Im going to binge watch it too then. Probably not this saturday thoguh thoguh though
Ya, it's definitely binge worthy, and even better, it is appropriate.
Its going to a fun night! looking forward to the pumpkin night A modern movie that is appropriate? I didnt even know that was possible
Well, it does swear quite a bit, but nothing to heavy
Dang it, not appropriate Just kidding, have you seen the whole season We should totally watch it next weekend on my ipad pro! haha
Ya, the whole first season, we are on episode 3 of season 2
Do you have to watch them in order? or would it be ok to watch season 2 before watching the first season
YOU HAVE TO WATCH THEM IN ORDER
My hands for some reason my hands are really quiet I mean cold I was thinking of a quiet place
Turn up the heat then!
haha Im trying to with the immense pounding on the keyboard its not working though
watching scary movies improves blood circulation
haha Lets do it again then. Probably not tonight though, I think I have a good start to doing the things that I need to;) What other scary movies should I check out I have a great way of getting them really cheap;) Im thinking of getting the other insidious's and a couple others But if they need subtitles, Im just forgetting that part that was too much work!
I don't know, I don't really like scary movies, so I don't watch them often.
I dont know why they didnt give the subtitles to us for free too. Like the entire movie was great but the subtitles was a deal breaker Well, what other movies should we try Rated-R? haha nah, they are too clean whats worse than rated-r
I don't know, I tent to avoid those:)
I feel like that is more you and sadies type have you seen one? if you havent, then how do you know? you never know you dont like something unless you try it. Isnt that the phrase that everyone says Im trying to figure out some good new releases though Honestly there arent a whole lot that are intriguing me
I've seen one. It was called Act of Valor. It was pretty good.
The only ones that I have watched recently are marvel movies. Mainly because for some reason they have been doing surprisingly well on them compared to other movies right now Ill check that one out, is it a new release or is it a little old Just curious around what year I would be looking at.
Uh, it probably came out in like 2013
oh, ok sounds good Ill check it out and see if I can watch it Have you chatted with other people on this messenger? Besides the incentives, I really find it fun! and the conversations are great!
Ya, I've talked ot quite a few different people.
The last person I talked to was talking about how they were going to start their youtube channel I was like, "whats it going to be like?" "whats its name" and such and I thought that was pretty cool You dont necessarily know the other person, but you get to learn about a lot of other things that people do that inspire you to do more interesting things one of them I had a lengthy conversation about drones. We both had a mutual love for flying remote control things and brought up that we had just recently gotten a drone and he was like, "me too!"
I've signed up for the drone club, but haven't really ever gone, you should start coming with us.
Ive learned alot of gospel principles and other kind of life principles that are actually pretty cool. For instance I am spoiled Ya, Ill go with you
They're normally on Saturdays
and another instance people from all around the world have a ton of similarities Do they have one this saturday? If so Im down to go. All I have other than the pumpkin night is to watch a movie and do a small calculus homework if you need to take a film class do it in person. The online film class wreaks The TA we have just had a texting class. We literally just sat as she texted us what she wanted to tell us because she wasnt able to have an actual class We sat for an hour and a half watching texts roll on our screen
That sounds horrible.
Have you ever read the most boring book, especially a textbook that was converted from a lecture. That is exactly what just happened today And our first meeting was cancelled for the same reason I would have just cancelled this one too
The drone club normally does have Saturday meetings, but this saturday the president is going to do a live stream on facebook of him putting
I think thats more appropriate
together a drone
Oh, lets watch it. how long is the video, do you think?
Probably like 3 hours.
Maybe we could build a low budget racing drone. We dont necessariily have to spend a ton of money on our drones do we? Oh, wow, I dont think I have that time. just because I also have to watch a movie too for my film class and write a page paper on it. Im not too worried about the paper though They are generally easy to BS
Ya, I need to whip out a four page paper.
Oh, I almost spelled the BS out, because the Alexa would have a hard time pronouncing it, but then I realized, that its probably better! haha Oh, shoot, by when? We could have a writing party? Does sadie have stuff she needs written on saturday too? it would be a fun, but probably not very productive writing party. Lets be real there would be more talking than there would be typing
That is very true We would not get much done
Hey, also what is your schedule tomorrow? I really think we can overtake our challenge. Im going to do the preforementioned steps to achieving success, if you are available at all tomorrow, just curious.
Good luck! That is going to be crazy
I know you said that you dont work a ton tomorrow, and I dont want to waste your entire day, but if we could do some progress it would be great! It would be similar to today it will be crazy. But in a day, it will all be worth it
Ya, I don't work a ton, so I can figure it out
Cool, I have a few others I can call on too. The worst part is during the night like this. Just because there is hardly noone on at this time of the day anyway... another topic...
I totally understand. I bet nobody is on at this hour.
What if you were to hike a volcano. What is the first thing you wish you had at the moment erupts Ya, hardly anyone is on, and he is doing something there too.
A iron man suit, so that I could fly away.
oh, thats a good one, i was just thinking the gospel... haha If i had that everything would be fine! Speaking of volcanoes what do you think is the worst type of natural disaster there is?
I don't know, that's a great question.
hurricanes, tornadoes?
I think it would be a volcano, those are pretty ridiculous.
or the big person that you saw walking next to the hostess store? Ya, theres like no escaping. Wouldnt it be pretty crazy if the yellowstone one erupted That would be insane. I just have a hard time imagining anything surviving. Especially anything living. The other weird part to think about is the size of that thing!
Ya, It would be a giant version of pompei.
ya, how big was pompei
I don't know, but it destroyed that city
ya, thats true! its just crazy what happened to it, and I think that scientists have measured that the volcano that would erupt in yellowstone would be even larger and would encompass a larger area the other thing to take into consideration about volcanoes is the ash spray distance, can you imagine being safe from the fire, but not safe from the fumes. You would just die
Ya, the fumes would just choke you out.
Do you think you would experience much of pain? or do you think that the fumes would just put you to sleep? or worst is it like drowning in ash, when all you can do is just breathe in ash that kills you from the inside out! Wow, I feel like im on crack coming up with some of these things Hey, Ive always wanted to know what you do for work? We talk about some of the things that you do but do you do any terminal stuff? or is it generally more simple Or does that older guy that had to end up coming up to our office do all the terminal and sshing and jazz for your department Just curious what kinds of things you have been learning... I have bee developing a real love for the terminal. If you take cs 235 or cs 224 you will want a linux or a mac to be able to do the things on the terminal as well as other very useful hacks that make life just so much easier in the computer tech world On your machines at work, I bet you have been doing at least some stuff like that. I know it makes remote connections way easier, that is the only way that I have communication with my server within my house or external I did have to call BYU to get it approved through our ip address though. Did I tell you anything about that?
Who have you been talking to about what we do?
I just realized while typing I asked like 4 or 5 questions you
I miss all the trainings, because I have class at that time, but they do learn some cool stuff.
I hope Oh, next semester are you going to have those times off?
Honestly we don't do much with the terminal. We have programs that allows us to control the network better.
Oh, what kind of programs do you use? ok, I will try Its just getting really hard! I think im ready for this!
We use sccm, and active directory. We use Jamf Pro for the macs
What the heck is jamf pro. is that a software that allows you to see what the screen looks like on the other persons computer? My roommate isnt home yet, I dont think. What if I cant do the steps that I was hoping to be able to do tonight? can you see my screen from work?
Ya, I could remote into your computer if I needed to....or if I just wanted to.
haha. You should do it and help me out a little:) haha nah, its all good!
No, I can only remote into your work computer, not your computer that you're on right now
wait... Im going to check something with this message Youre going to think im weird, but I really think something is up? There is something fishy about whats going on with the PLANTS IN MY GARDEN They seem really reserved with lots of dandelions! I dont understan! understand!
What are you talking about?
the plants in my garden are growing as fast as the reserved dandelions are I dont think so... Im dead serious. they are incrementing at exactly the same amount! I just started counting the growth and its blowing my mind that these dandelions are growing as fast as my garden is?
I have no idea what you're talking about
ya, me neither honestly Things around here seem a little funny though Maybe its just when Im measuring them. It just happens to be the same
Ya, he is incrementing to isn't he.
Ya, those dandelions are growing like crazy! I think we need to devise a plan to figure out how to not eliminate the dandelions, but rather, to just make them grow slower They are about to take out all the plants Im just confused. is it worth all the time it takes to pull all those dandelion weeds or is there some kind of something we can do to make it more effective
I don't know. I feel like your speaking some sort of code, and I'm not picking it up.

Hello, this is a test.
Are you there? Ok good!

HI
hey babe
I would take the summer off and fly to africa for a few months if money were no object what would you do?
why would you go to Africa?
I have always wanted to live there and I find the culture fascinating
what about the culture do you like When do you finish finals?
I like the attitude they have toward their lifestyle, everything is simpler on wednesday night! you?
woah! you're in it for the long haul

Today I learned about this cool chit chat competition If you talk to enough random people, you get an ipad
Dude, isn't that the [only] reason why everyone is on here? Haha
Yes. Yes it is But I mean it's like mormon omegle
Where'd you find out about it
My coworker
It's soooo true haahahaa I've had some of the weirdest conversations going on
really? I haven't had anything weird happen I should put a picture of like a cat in each chat
I honestly met some of the people I know and I was like "youre on here too?" hahaha
we should train it to always send pictures of cats
Can you put a pic on here?
just copy a link hahaha I wonder how you maximize your scores
I think it's based on how interesting your conversations are?
How on earth could they possibly measure that?????
Exactly.
i think it could be how much you type
Which makes me think it's based on the number of back and forth conversations and words typed
Like words per conversation That could also be true I will do some digging and find out.
Yeah, I think it mentions it on the home page
Oh yea I totally missed that. Oh well
Yeah, like I'm having multiple conversations at the same time to maximize the downtime
You can do that?!?!?!?! I'm gonna do that now
It's legit.
I should just build my own chat bot and then use that to chat on this with like 50 people and then win
If you win something, make sure I get some cred haha

I'm pretty passionate about a cause that I worked with in Ghana last summer, Unite for Sight They're a non profit that works with eye doctors in developing countries
whats up!
Not much haha How're you doing?
i am doing well wow that is cool i have never gone to africa
Where have you traveled to? Ever been outside the United States?
yeah i went to spain hello?

If we are talking about 2018, I would say getting a's ni my classes. I wS not expecting that!
Wow, that's cool. I got my mission call this year which was exciting
That is exciting. What part of the world will you be spending those two years in? And what language will you be speaking?
Brazil and Portuguese Brazil and Portuguese Oops, that was a mistake
I understood! That is neat. I have heard that Brazil is beautiful! After I wTched Rio [the movie with the blue bird] I made it a goal to one day visit Rio:) Do you already know Portuguese?
Rio is a beautiful movie. Not at all. I know some French, but that's it I've been trying to learn a little Portuguese before I leave.
That should help that you know French! I've heard Latin based languages ar easier to learn if you already know one!
Yeah, it helps a little. Mostly I think with understanding how to learn foreign languages' grammar. Do you know any languages?
I speak Russian and Spanish. I also studied Hebrew a few years ago. I definitely agree that it will help you. Russian was a lot easier for me to learn because I had studied t Two languages previously. Though it will still be difficult for you to learn, I believe knowing French will definitely help you. I also know people who have learned French and then took up Spanish. There are a lot of cognates, so they were able to pick up a lot of the vocabulary as well. There was a kid in my Spanish class that spoke French fluently and he wS easily able to communicate verbally and also understand the grammar.
Why Hebrew?

So funny thing about me... For some reason, I do not really have a sense of smell! For some reason it went away at around age 15... but I still remember what things smell like So I really like the smell that comes with rain. How about you?:) *liked;)
i love that smell, also the smell of fresh soil is pretty good in the scent department
Oh, that's super true. Also, freshly baked goods. I loved coming in from being outside and smelling cookies, or a pot roast cooking. Oh man, now I'm craving something other than rice and chicken haha #poorcollegestudent
i know! its a struggle! i always thought the college student always being hungry was a myth or atleast i had hoped
And it seems no matter how much I eat, I'm still hungry. Something about campus just makes me crave so many random things.
The creamery is one of those constant cravings isnt it
K, it's so true. Now that you've said that, I'm really wanting something from there. Ice cream OR a burger. Hmm... AND a burger. Luckily I live far enough away from the north end of campus that it'd be inconvenient for me to go all the time haha! So what are you studying? What do you want to do with your life?
I am doing ACME and i plan to go into to some math related field wit a hint of artificial intelligence
I'm not sure what ACME stands for haha...... I'm guessing.... advanced computer mathematical educatioN??? Also, super cool that you want to do something with AI. This is all obviously up your alley then.
Yeah, i figure its the way the world is going and its a promising field

hey
heyyy hows it going!
Now you can see haha?
yeah! has that happened to you?
Okay that's good
i couldnt see your chat or mine... I've been running in to that a lot lately
Sorta. Well at least now you can
yeah phew... It freaks me out sometimes when that happens because I've been running in to a lot of blank chats
Me too! I guess is that what may be happening? I just assume they left so I say random stuff..
yeah me too. At least i get some points from that. because its my time that I am putting in you know?
Exactly. But it is tough because they will probably read it at some point and it's hard to have a conversation with yourself
you still there my friend?
Ah yeah
yay! I thought I lost you:)
But I can't see my messages so I'm gonna end
ok no prob

HI
Hi!
Nice user haha
I like swedish fish so..:)
Favorite candy?
I like lots of different kinds but swedish fish is up near the top. You?
Reese's is definitely up top Can't get better than peanut butter and chocolate
Very true!
So what are you up to tonight?
Not much, just trying out this chat thing. How about you? Same?
Yeah? Did you just start? How did you find out about it
Yep! I just barely heard about it so I thought I'd try it. One of my friends told me about it
Haha nice. It is kind of fun I guess Happy to help with science:)
Yep! So do we need to answer the prompt or is that just if we need help finding something to chat about?
Oh we don't need to answer it. Hardly ever do just if you want to
oh okay! This isn't your first chat is it? Have you been going for a while?
Yeah I've been going for a bit Is it yours?
Yep, just hopped on. So is this project something you're interested in or are you just chatting for fun?
Both I guess. there's some cool prizes And if eve uses some of what I have to say, well that would be pretty neat
True true. I have to admit, I'm mostly just trying it out for kicks and for my friend. And maybe for my chance at the prizes as well:)
Haha totally cool. There's chocolate:) And I think it's pretty fun I've been able to make some indirect connections to find out who people really are haha
Yeah I wondered if that would be possible on here. I guess there are still a lot of people at BYU though so it's probably not very easy:)
hey it froze
hmmm... works over here, but I have to leave soon anyway

Im embarrassed that I don't know how to whistle I also did not know what a butterfly kiss was. But now I do so it's okay. I haven't done it before though cause thats weird.
Hi! I'm embarrassed that I never learned how to properly swim because I was terrified of the water when I was little! Are butterfly kisses the eyelash-cheek thing?
Yes it is apparently I can only swim in water that my head is above. which isn't much cause I'm only 5 foot
Bleah. My mascara already is on the clumpy side, those lashes shouldn't be touching someone else's face at any point. See that's what I do! I'm 5'9" though so I guess I have a bit more room to touch the bottom of the pool than you.:)
Lol lucky you
Downside all of my "long" pants end up being ankle capris. My friend always calls me out for rolling my jeans up but that's because if I didn't it would still leave a couple inches of ankle exposed.
I'm the opposite. I always have to roll up my jeans to my ankles because they are too long
Together, we'd be the perfect denim model!
Haha That is so true I'd probably fall on the runway though
Oh my gosh I am the biggest klutz! Want to hear about a little incident I had my first week of high school?
Have at it, This should be funny lol
Brace yourself. We had this mud brick project in humanities [world history course] and we made them during the first week of freshman year. We were supposed to then build a monument outside. I, being a scared and socially anxious freshman, did whatever the cute sophomore leader told me to do. Which included using scissors to carve the bricks. But because I'm a capital-k Klutz, I sliced my hand open with some safety scissors and bled a lot. The cut wasn't deep or bad it was just because the blade was pretty dull.
But then you probably got attention form the cut sophomore guy and looked into each others eyes as he bandaged your hand!! Am I right??
I wish it was that romantic! No, he stuck a brick under my hand while someone went to get the teacher and said "We need human blood to sacrifice!" He wasn't cute after that!
Oh my gosh really?? That's funny yet terrible. I'm sorry
I mean I eventually saw how funny it was and it helped me become more extroverted. Everyone knew my name after that!
Hello I'm Becky's little sister Bella. you're really funny
Hey girlie!
Hello! ok bye-bye. i need to go to school, but it was nice to meet you.
Nice to talk to you too! Have fun at school!
Bella is a klutz like you!! She could secretly be your sister! She was leaving the computer and completely wiped out
Poor girl! We could so be sisters.
She's giggling at that
:)
Wow she barely knows you and she already likes you. Thats cute! You are very likeable
Thank you! You and her are so sweet. Local legends.
Haha absolutely:3 My little walrus face
Cute
Lol thanks
Have you seen Infinity War yet?
Oh my gosh no!! I want to too bad, but my sister pretty much spoiled it already I'm assuming you have seen it?
Yes and HOW DARE YOUR SISTER spoil it? I still like her though. I won't say anything more until you've seen it!
Oh it was a different sister! I'm pretty sur eI'll cry when I watch it because I'm sure almost everyone dies
Ugh. Did she do it on purpose?
Sorta. I share a room with 3 sisters and she was telling the younger 2 about it when i was trying to sleep and I couldn't ignore them even over my yelling so I slept on the co couch that night
Dang. Sibling struggles are real. Bet you won't have a problem with roommates in college though!
Haha Hopefully not What Hall are you in?
David John Hall. How about you?
Heritage Hall, not sure if theres Halls in that or how it works
Haha, I'll be lost every day, you'll find me wandering around hopelessly.
Haha, me too! I'll probably end up in the mountains somewhere
Get the yodeling kid to teach me how to call for help in mountain territory.
Hahaha oh my gosh lol Thats great
I'll be here all week, Claire for chat comedy, good night.
Haha I'd go to all of those shows i'll be here all week, Becky for Claire Chat comedy support, see ya the next night
We're queens.
*Dramatically flips hair and places crown on head*
My hair is too curly [more like frizzy] to dramatically flip. I might accidentally sprain a muscle.
Haha Thats understandable I can't tell what mine is anymore besides a mess lol
I'm looking forward to Utah weather because it's not going to be as humid as Texas and maybe [maybe!] I can have a good hair day.
I hate being cold though. Thats why I like Texas even with its bipolar rain showers. But the hair days might be better I don't think anything could fix my mess lol
Hey curly hair makes you a stronger person because you gotta deal with a weave that has attitude every day. You go girl!
Haha your confidence gives me strength:D
That's what I'm here for!
Thanks, finally someone understand lol
:) I got your back.
Thanks! It's time for me to start getting ready for school too now, I've been procastinating as usual:)
Have fun, thanks for talking with me!

I am really good at marching in a marching band
That's awesome! I think I'm really good at loading equipment for marching band competition and events
Wow! You're invovled with the marching band?
Yeah, I love marching band!
Wow, I don't think I've heard anyone say that before [except myself] Do you play an instrument?
Really?! I talk about marching band all the time with my friends. I play clarinet. What about you?
What?!? I play clarinet too!! How long have you been in marching band?
REALLY?! That's awesome! How long have you played?
I've been in marching band for 3 years and I'm trying out for the BYU marching band I also REALLY want to join DCI
I tried out for the BYU marching band too! What instrument would you want to play in DCI?
I have been working on the French Horn It's so exciting that you know what DCI is No one where I live knows what I am talking about
French horn is really hard. There people from my school are in DCI right now, and alot of people in my band love DCI
Do you want to join DCI?
Yeah! I would love to. I would probably want to play euphoniumbaritone
That is so cool! Are you going to be a freshmen at BYU?
Yeah I am. Are you?
Yes. I am majoring in Biology. What is your major?
Right now it is pre-music education because I applied to the school of music and I didn't get in. I'm going to re-audition next year though If I don't get in next year though I'm going to change to chemical engineering

There would be lots of peanut butter...
It would probably be like Heaven, and we'd probably need jelly! and very true!
True, a world made of homemade raspberry jam... THAT's heaven!
YES!! totally agree! It'd be like the Movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs but BETTER!
A machine like the one in that movie would be prime! Free food is great, free food all the time is greater, free food that FALLS FROM THE SKY is the best!
100% agree! What would we do without it! What's your favorite type of food?

Well I like peanut butter
I'm allergic to peanuts, so I would die. That would be a sad world.
That would be really unfortunate. Everyone with peanut allergies would die
We would have to live in some sort of fortress to stay away from the peanut butter. It would he made of bread. Sourdough.
Well I guess the question is was the world normal before being peanut butter? Or did it randomly change?
Or did we somehow travel to a planet made of peanut butter and this was our first encounter with it!
The world would have had to run out of supplies. I guess the new world would last a lot longer since it's made of food!
True. Do you think there is other food on the planet besides peanut butter? Hopefully there is at least jelly! Or bananas.
The seas would have to be made of jelly
Or is it jam? Or preserves?
I think jelly, so it would be more liquid
That's probably true. Jelly is made from fruit juice while jam is made from crushed up fruit.
Yup! And you would ride through on a banana boat
Hopefully the banana isn't too ripe! Because then it would just fall apart!
Yeah, they would have to be just right. I'm sure we could artificially find the best bananas and make more
That's a good idea! Bananas that we have today are actually the descendants of one specific banana species. The banana taste in candy is a different type of extinct banana.
Yeah, I've heard that before!
I find it very interesting.
It's crazy that something like bananas has such a crazy history
I agree. I wonder if other fruits have the same sort of history! Or other foods in general.
That would be interesting to research. I know peanuts had something to do in Africa, but I don't know what exactly
That would be very interesting to find out!

That would be weird.
Gross. We already have to deal with bird poo coming from the sky, I don't think I could deal with it coming from a pig

The greatest showman was awesome!
You just saw it?
no it was like a few weeks ago
Oh, I just don't read the prompts anymore haha
but it was the last really good one that I saw
Haha ah okay
What about you?
I'd have to say I can only imagine
oh hahaha I thought you literally could only imagine and answer and I was like You can only imagine what is that supposed to mean? I need to see that one
Haha yeah it's a movie now I saw it on Monday
oh wow Is it in the theatres?
Yeah!
When did it come out?
Ya know, I really don't have any idea I had no idea what it was even going to be about when I went to go see it with my family
Oh I need to go to the movies more often I just don't feel like going by myself What about you do you ever go by yourself?
To the movies? Haha no. That costs money
Money is quite the object So netflix all the way?
Um yeah I guess. Though I haven't been able to find some really good ones on there
yeah sometimes netflix doesnt have a movie until a couple years after it comes out it is kind of lame
Yeah. I would watch the chick flicks on hallmark but now I guess since I don't live on campus I don't have access to it anymore
ohh thats too bad why does not being on campus change what you have access too?
I guess you only have access to tv.byu.edu if you live on campus
Oh that Really? That makes no sense! Do you have to pay for it otherwise?
Well like if you pay rent to live on campus you get access to these tv channels so it kinda makes sense
But do you have to pay for it otherwise? I don't think I do and I live off campus but I also just barely moved
Do you use it?
yeah Have you ever seen the show extinct? I watched the first season on it And I guess it is the only season they are going to do which is sad
I haven't seen it. I don't get into tv shows much
Oh yeah me either I only really watched that one
I just made it through pretty little liars last year but that is it
Oh Is that on byu tv? I didn't know that
byutv is different that tv.byu
oh that makes sense I was so confused I didn't know that was a thing so off campus byu housing doesnt have it?
Yep, it's pretty handy
wow i really missed out then
I guess I can check byutv though They have stuff?
yeah It is mainly byu related stuff though not like netflix or having an actual tv
Ah. Well I'll have to head out now. My mom is calling me for smores

Hello! Are you here?
hello again!
Oh, hello, haha! Do you spend all day here?
yeah Pretty much, don't judge haha
Judge? Pffft, you're talking to a person that went through a mini existential crisis when she found out she didn't have more school. Seriously, I'm kinda a wreck without homework.
hahaha I feel the same way! Where are those exams to keep me in stress mode?
Exactly! What is this? Sleeping in till 8:00? Not feeling pressured to do assignments due in a few hours? I'm... not joking, it's actually unnerving.
Wow
I don't know what to do with my life, which is kinda strange but mostly sad.
Well you can chit chat if you want
Exactly. Hence, you know, my return to here.
hahaha well I don't blame you
It's rather fun here, isn't it?
are you going to shoot for a headset?
I might, I might. I'd REALLY like it.
yeah I have fun
The competition ends in, oh, a few days. It's the 24th right now.
Wait it is more than that its like the 30th
Oh, right, right. So six days, then.
you only have 500k to go.
500k? That's literally half my score...
Just put in 7 hours and you are there
It IS true: I have no life. Chitchat on one hand, Clash Royale on the other. Then put the kids to bed around 9:00. Sounds like a plan.
Oh haha. My younger brother plays that I used to play clash of clans before my mission
Oh, yeah? I did, too. But I hated how much waiting there was. I dunno. I suppose most people don't mind chipping in a dollar or so to play, but I've always been against paying into a game.
I never pay for games
See? You get me.
I got to one of the highest leagues in clash of clans with a town hall 8 with no money used at all I think I was in this black looking league Dont remember what it was called
Wow! That's impressive!
masters league thats what it was
Don't you have to spend crazy hours to get there?
yeah I spent two days straight just using archers on exposed town halls
... that's it?
I am persistent what can I say
And you got THAT far?
yup
Whaaaat? You sound like one of my friends. He's on a mission now. But before he left, DarkScape came out for a bit. Within THREE days, he had level 70 strength or something. Maybe it was attack. And FYI, DarkScape is like RuneScape-it IS Runescape-but entirely PVP. It's full of PvP servers.
oh that is interesting
Yeah. It got shut down, though.
I played runescape way back when
Haha, me, too! You know, before it got trashed.
same runescape got way too complicated
Why do games always go downhill like that?
it all started with dungeoneering money and greed
I liked the Grand Exchange update. I thought it was beautiful.
oh that was a great day I actually used to flip goods on the GE
Really?
yep
Like a stock trader? But, you know, not stocks?
exactly I have done the same with stocks but it is way harder
Haha, that's because people really care about losing that money.
stock market crash hit me hard and I pulled out
Eeee. 2008? Or was it the little 2012 recession?
no it was this year
Oh, really?
Check out the news around february yeah
Wait, what? What happened?
Trump and north korea along with the federal bank raising rates
I don't see why their bickering should lower stock prises. *prices Nothing to do with bitcoin? Ahhhh, stock trading would worry me so much.
no I dont invest in bit coin way too volatile of an asset it recently skyrocketed 50%
Haha, 50%? Try 150%. I know, right? It's insane. You can either flip your house or go bankrupt.
yeah
Was it easier on Runescape, though?
yeah way easier people couldnt see the prices so it was a guessing game
Oh, right!
and lots of people were constantly buying and selling. Only a few were flipping
So you could make a tidy profit, huh?
So it was more of an exchange and less of a deal about guessing prices prices didn't fluctuate much at all
Let me guess on the valuable trades... Willow logs? No, wait, coal.
Oh that one can be good yeah coal sometimes I liked trading talismans And what else oh yeah runes
Like, blank runes? The ones you could craft into anything?
uhh no like fire and water runes
Oh, gotcha.
fire runes are usually in high demand for pvp
Those are the hard hitting, right? Wouldn't things like chaos runes be worth more? Blood runes?
oh I wasnt a member
Ah. Neither was I. You could still buy 'em, though, right?
no maybe recently but not when I played it said "members only item"
Oh, riiiight. I remember that. I think I was thinking of DarkScape. It was membership-less.
oh oh that is nice
Really was.
I stay away from video games these days
For the most part, I do, too. Little games like Clash Royale don't bug me. They take ten or fifteen minutes out of my day.
It is a lot easier to do well in school and have a social life I had no social life in highschool and although it kept me out of trouble in some ways I regret it
Kinda the opposite for e. *me I didn't get a good group of friends till my senior year. Granted, I'd quit playing by then, but that's really when I made friends. I came here to college, and... Just not the same.
What do you mean not the same?
Well, it's a lot bigger, for one.
oh collefe college
Something like 20,000 students? Yup. Good ol'college.
man I sound like trump covefefe
That's fake news right there!
hahaha
I wonder if Alexa will be able to talk about politics. "Hey Alexa? How do you feel about President Trump?"
probably but I guarantee that she wont take a side and if she did she would take your side and only if there was no one else in the room And ultimately the government would freak out
Interesting proposal. *strokes non-existent beard* The government would always be listening. And, if I'm to be frank, I'm sure Alexa would be left-leaning.
hmm didnt think of that *strokes massive existent beard*
Hahahaha. I think it'd be fun to have a beard sometimes.
was that a pity laugh?
I mean, if I weren't a girl. No, no, I genuinely thought it was amusing.
And no I don't have a beard I was joking haha I shave every day... or two sometimes
Aw... Do all guys have to shave that often?
But I do when I get on facebook messenger and go to the wizard filter haha no my room mate doesnt really need to shave he just does it every once in a while so he can feel good about himself just kidding haha he does grow a bit of hair but not a beard
WAIT. Does that mean some guys can't grow beards, like your roommate?
Well some legitimately cant but most just shave I doubt michael jackson could grow a beard but I think for different reasons
Haha, yeah. *sigh* I think I need to get a job. Or literally one close friend.
I have never had a job other than mowing lawns Hey we are friends right?
Not what I meant.:)
I guess I am not close haha
Nah, I mean, I have some good friends.
I see how it is
Oh, stop it. But, it's more that I'm introverted. I don't mind not being with people.
I would say independent introverted can sometimes be considered to have negative connotations but I suppose it depends on how you see it
You know, that's true. I'm not particularly shy.
I consider myself independent
Yeah? Does independent imply self-sufficient?
yeah
Then I'm not quite independent yet.
in a way I dont really need anyone other than myself to live a functional life but people are important to live a life worth living for
That I agree with.
Thats why we are taught relationships are so important I wish there was more to foster genuine relationships at byu
Could I ask you a legitimate question?
sure
Do you ever wonder if there's perhaps too much of a push to have romantic relationships?
no
I guess it's new to me, then.
but I imagine for a girl it might seem that way though
Is it different for guys?
For a guy you need all the push you can get. It is not easy AT ALL Someday I will find the right person but I will admit searching sucks so it better be worth it in the end
Not a lot of pleasant interactions, I'm guessing?
hmmm?
Just sounds like you've maybe had some bad experiences dating?
definitely I have never been in a relationship
That makes two of us.
or kissed a girl for that matter, but I consider those to be one and the same
I've never kissed a guy, either.
well why not? hahaha
Haha, well, let me tell you a little bit about my growing up.
i am joking
I know.:)
sure
I attended an LDS high school. Great place, really.
wow
I know, right? I loved it.
thats awesome I attended one that wasn't very mormon
Ohhh. Yeah, mine was very Mormon. We had the For the Strength of Youth as our honor code. Minus Sunday school attendance and tithing.
no way that is legit
Yup! And also enforced was the "no steady dating in high school." No boyfriends or girlfriends at my school. Or if there were, they were very discreet about it. One guy proposed his senior year... But anyway. I walk into BYU, and it's just... heh, a lot different from what I'm used to.
wow that is really weird
I used to date a lot, but a date at my high school meant a pleasant going out with friends.
How did they enforce no relationships?
How did they? I think the same way they enforced no swearing.
what with expulsion? sorry i am not familiar
It was more "on your honor" sort of thing, but, yeah, expulsion. No, you're good.
weird like the byu honor code?
I never saw anyone get expelled for it. Yup! Just like the BYU honor code. But I think it was a little more strict?
Wow where is your home town? I am guessing this is utah? I grew up in vegas
Haha, it was very much NOT Vegas. Yeah, Utah.
hahahaha
But, yeah, it's been a fun transition.
well any dates here so far?
Almost every time I see a couple holding hands, I'll think, "Whaaat? They can't do that in pub-oh, right, it's allowed here." Nope, not yet.
wow that is depressing
A little unfortunate. I liked the dates back in high school.
is this your first semester?
Oh, no, it's all right. First year. Second semester.
disappointing
I almost asked a guy, but I found out he was married.
My roommate makes it a goal of his to make sure girls get asked on dates
That's so sweet of him.
hahahaha thats the worst
I dunno, I thought it was pretty funny. I ask a lot of friends to lunch.
Are they all guys?
Many of them, but a few girls.
oh well thats awesome
The CS department isn't known for its feminine side. Yeah, I like it. It's like a fake date.
hmm
I'd really like to call it a date, but I'm afraid it'll come off like I like them or something. As more than a friend.
yeah computer science doesnt have a whole lot of girls well I am mad at the culture here
Yeah? Mad at what?
cause I will call it a date whether the girl thinks I am into her or not and if she gets the wrong idea thats her fault sorry didnt mean to rage
Nah, you're good. That's part of the reason my old school was great.
Honestly it is ridiculous
It was, "Oh, man, I need to go with someone on a date." Looks at me. "Wanna come?" It's just... a little more emphasis on "date if you love the person" sort of thing. Or maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm just crazy. But I feel like the word "date" means something different here. I wish it meant more... I dunno.
How do you know you are romantically interested in someone if you don't date?
No, not like that.
sure if I date someone it usually means they are attractive or fun or some combination of the two from what I can tell from a distance but it doesn't mean there is an interest
What I mean is, I sometimes get the impression that you ask a person on a date if you're interesting in going steady with them.
further than that Thats what dating is for
That's not what dating was for in my last school... I mean, I get it. It's a strange transition for me. I'll warm up to it eventually.
What was dating for in your high school?
A chance for a more formal hangout. "Hey, there's this play coming up. Wanna be my date?" Everyone was "paired off," but everyone was friends.
hmm that is interesting sounds like efy I liked efy
Yeah. I... really liked it all. Gosh, I didn't even realize how much I missed that.
Thats even more casual than I had feared possibly too casual
You know, that's possible. We always went in group dates.
So a guy would ask you on a date even if he really didn't get along with you, possibly even multiple times just cause?
Most times, people wouldn't ask you unless you were already friends-already enjoyed each other's company. Dances were a little different. It was little more heavy on the "treat your date well" portion. But, yeah.
hmmm
We were always careful not to ask the same person on a date too often.
wow you had an incredibly conservative highschool
Haha, no kidding.
it sounds like you are ok with it though
I was. And I am. What can I say? It's how I grew up.
I grew up that way
I'm guessing you weren't as okay with it, though?
and I did the exact same stuff you are talking about, but only because I knew it was dangerous to get serious before my mission
Oh, gotcha.
Which god expects all worthy and able young men to go on And I was both of those. Now I am back and relationships are literally just a part of life. And just because you are in a relationship doesnt mean you are going to marry the person contrary to popular belief, it is just another rung on the ladder at least in my opinion
Can I ask something, then? Why go steady in a relationship if you're not considering marrying her? I know you've never had a girlfriend, but you must have at least considered it once.
one of the big problems here is that everyone has a different idea of how relationships work [of all kinds including friendships] And I am not excluded from that criticism my view is my own, but it makes the most sense to me
I know I'll have to date someone-steadily, that is-at some point in the future. It's important to finding a spouse. I'm just... not really happy about that right now.
Also you have to realize that for most people the world isn't full of young single adults of the lds faith they are going back home where the only lds young single adults are the 4 they grew up with and are not interested in so for a lot of people it is now or never.
Huh. I'd never considered that.
I am not from utah Although I am not from nebraska where I served my mission it was much worse there I served in the YSA ward and it was rough I could tell
That's pretty hard, isn't it? For my entire life, I've been surrounded by full-to-the-brim wards and stakes. The stake dances had 500+ kids attend. And they were only 14-18. Combined girls' camp required multiple camp stations.
Yeah
Within my home city, there are... what, seven stakes? Eight stakes? We might be up to nine now. It's... not like that everywhere else, huh?
Well mine two but we have a few million people in nebraska its like 4 stakes for the a few states that are part of the mission actually it is more 10 I think but still
All right. Point taken.
for the whole of nebraska, a third of south dakota and a third of iowa
Could I ask, then, what's the hardest about asking a girl on a date?
That they say no And sometimes they say yes, but don't like you actually those combined make up most of the time
But why do girls say no?
there are some far and few in between that work out to be fun
And... is it really that difficult?
they say no because they are worried you are romantically interested and they decide they aren't right from the start i guess Afraid of a relationship or just getting serious Theres also this big fomo thing
I don't know if it means anything, but I've never worried if a guy was romantically interested when he asked me on a date-and the same would apply at BYU.
I learn a lot about byu students on this website. It is crazy how many people have radically different world views
Like what? What's some of the strangest?
Well I met a guy that was giving me dating advice
This is gonna be fun. Go on.
Well he told me some good advice He told me that I should do gold fish races
Gold fish... races?
And that actually sounds really fun the way he described it yeah And he said never to spend more than 10$ on a girl I was casually going on a date with You know I might just make it a goal to date everyone in my ward next semester It will be interesting if I do
My dad was like that. He dated a girl every week.
Oh that was how I started last semester
It's a good way to meet people, right? It works?
but then everyone was telling me they were going on missions
Oh.
I didn't know I could do that to people hahaha but apparently I can really motivate girls to serve missions hahaha
Hahaha.
yeah no they are just all leaving on missions so I am moving off campus to avoid that I went on dates with them but of course none of them were even serious in the slightest way the dates I mean not the girls
Right. But... why would they tell you they're going on missions?
there was one that really wanted to date me, and that ended bad I didn't want to date her and I only went on one date with her and she kind of made things awkward
Have you wanted to date anyone? More than casually, I mean.
yes of course and it is lame because usually they dont there was one girl I went on like 6 dates with but then she ended up started a relationship with another guy that hurt took me a few weeks to get over
I'm sorry. I've never felt heartbreak yet.
Yeah its ok Well it happens Girls tend to get another side to the situation
And what side is this?
Girls are usually asked on dates
Well, yes, this IS true.
And so when they are asked they know a guy is at least slightly interested in them in some way the guy has no such assurance and the girl doesn't have to say anything when a guy you like asks you on a date at least you know he likes you a bit or at least enough to go out of his way to spend time with you but it doesnt happen as often
Is it kinda like going on a mission?
you have less control over it or if you do, you have to go out of your way and against what some consider social norms to ask them yourself and you face the same problems that guys do
I can see that.
sorry I dont get how going on a mission relates
In terms of rejection. I hear it's rough. You get used to it after a while.
Oh yeah but a lot worse I had no problem with rejection on my mission it wasn't personal but here it is
Sorry, but... how do you get over that? I'm sure after enough asks that it starts getting really intimidating. And just, I dunno, painful.
It didn't intimidate me I guess I had a good attitude What hurts is when you know they would be better off had they listened
What do you mean "better off"? Like, make less mistakes? Or something?
they would be on the path to salvation
Ohhh, you're referring to missionary work.
and a better life with the peace that comes from the gospel yes with girls I mean they could be better off. They could be severely missing out but usually you wouldn't ever know or they wouldn't I mean and even in the next life it wouldn't matter
See, you have such a different perspective than I do.
In lds culture there is this expectation for guys to marry if you don't you can't make it to the highest degree of celestial glory girls on the otherhand get an exemption because it is assumed they have less control over whether or not it happens so there is no need to rush into anything that isn't necessary to your eternal happiness
Hmm.
Lets change the subject.
All right.:)
:)
Sorry if... I brought up anything bad. How's the weather?
you are fine it is awesome
[I'm joking.]
I love provo weather
Better than, um, non-provo weather?
Oh what were you joking about haha yeah vegas weather
The weather. XD
or in other words non provo weather
It's just the go-to question to changing subjects. Isn't Vegas crazy hot? I think I'd go crazy if it went above 100.
yeah usually there are really good days that it is nice
Ahhhhhh, death. Death in Vegas.
its like the sun is out and shining and the wind is blowing and is cool and the air is fresh it is amazing
Perhaps, perhaps. Perfect weather ain't perfect unless you can wear a jacket.
It is times like that I like to lay down in my car with the doors open and just lay there and let the wind rush over me while i just lay there calmly taking it all in
That's me with a window open on my bed. The wind isn't usually intense, but you often get a nice breeze around here. Especially in the summer. And you can lie down and listen to the outside.
yeah every so often I haven't ever lived here in the summer though
Oh, really? It gets hot, but nothing insane.
No I got straight off my mission and moved in last august
Are you staying, then?
Kind of I will be staying for spring but not summer
Gotcha. When's spring end? Mid-June?
yeah
Eeesh. I don't think I could take another few weeks of schooling.
Its around that time I will be going to my mission presidents homecoming I can I have all As so far I will see how I did on my religion test
If you have all A's thus far, I'm sure you'll be fine.
in a couple days to see if I got an A. That was the last class I was worried about Im shooting for summa cum laude
Wow! That's fun! Only... 6 more semesters to go? Summa cum laude is difficult, I hear, but if you want it, go for it. The fact that you're aiming for it now means you're a lot more likely to get it.
it is a straight 4.0
Would a 3.995 count?
yeah I believe so sometimes 3.99 falls withing the cutoff range
Gotcha. In that case, I'm on track for it, too. Not a huge accomplishment because I only have two semesters under my belt, but I'll take it. It's mostly that I'd like the scholarship. Okay, I'm not receiving messages. Something's broken. Dot
uhh
There we are. We're back. Did you see that, too?
no
WELP. Just me, then. What's your major?
hold on
kk
dont type yet it resets my scroll bar
Wow. Since 5:54.
what is? Oh we have been chatting?
Our chat session. Yup.
yep haha i can talk and apparently so can you
Put two and two together, then, boom, conversation.
exactly chitchatchallenge complete
The odd thing is, it doesn't even feel like that long.
I wish I got feed back from the developers
All they have to do is get a bunch of talkers together and they'll be done. Right?
I could probably make my conversations better for the AI
Exactly! Do they want some spiced up language, through in some slang, throw 'em a curveball and send 'em running for the hills?... er, and stuff.
yeah
I know they said they wanted "interesting" conversations.
or do they want more of a sequential conversation with brief sentences instead of paragraphs
My best guess is whatever makes the most fluid conversations. If that means paragraphs, then, by all means, paragraphs. If it means sentences, then why not?
do they yeah exactly. Also sometimes I forget capitalization or to put periods at the end of my sentences and I feel bad darn I did it again.
Hahaha, don't fret. I'm sure their systems won't crash if you mess a bit of punctuation.
And sometimes I go into a rapid stream of consciousness where I type my thoughts
Yup. Sometimes, I'll start rapid-firing my answers. And other times, I'll more carefully explain my thoughts in a pretty lengthy paragraph. It depends, of course. For the most part, I format with sentences.
Yeah me too
Both because it makes it easier to follow-you can read basically as I write-and it feels more natural. But you know what's fun?
looking at my stats I average 8.3734 words per bubble wha tis what is
Whaaaat? There are stats?... anyway.
yeah you average
I write by correct grammar by instinct. I mean, not by INSTINCT, but it's my default.
7.07
Emails, google chats, texts. 7.07. Where do you check that?
I did the math it is on the leaderboard
But what's a "turn"? Is it a single bubble?
that is a chat bubble yeah
Are you sure it isn't a back-and-forth? Like, I can type here. Get a sentence in. Maybe two. But this would only be one "turn."
yeah I tested all the stats when they first came out and I keep track of mine
That's so smart! So a turn is a single bubble. Does it count your partner's bubbles, too?
I guess you could say I am fairly determined no
I guess that makes sense.
Lets change the subject though we arent supposed to discuss the challenge much
Oh, really? Sorry, my bad. I didn't know that.
yeah
All right! That's two subjects we're not coming back to. So... you like jazz? I'm joking, I'm joking.
Oh yeah my major is Applied and computational mathematics, but didn't I tell you that?
Right! Sorry, I forgot. Going for ACME and summa cum laude [or however you spell it]. I really admire that. You in the Honors program as well?
no
Kk
Summa cum laude is nigh unto impossible with honors and I would never subject myself to that cruel form of punishment
Honors isn't as bad as you might think it is. Hasn't tanked my GPA yet.
You are in the program?
I am.
I hear they test differently
Yeah, they do.
And it would probably negatively affect my grade
I just about failed my final.
I am great at multiple choice tests
Oh, really? That's great! Honors tests are... very not multiple choice. So, yeah, I can see where you're coming from. We were given a list of 6 questions to be prepared for.
Wow I would freak out
He would ask us one.
I also am not much of a writer hence the math major
Now THAT would kill you in Honors.
but it turns out you still have to write it is just different writing
Better than essays, though, right?
But I am really good and being crafty and coming up with solutions communication just usually isn't my strong suit.
And yet, here you are on the chitchat challenge.
It is hard for me to focus on massive pieces of writing that are my own yeah with thousands of words under my belt
Mazel tov.
man if only these counted toward my paper word cound count
"Excuse me? Professor? Yes, so I wrote 15,000 words." "No, not on the paper." "But we discussed lots of fun stuff!"
Hahaha
"... no, you can't see it."
lol Um more like 30000
That's enough for half a novel! Okay, we haven't spoken THAT much.
well I guess we have! Just kidding haha
It's kinda funny. As per writing...
yeah.
I'll tell you now, I'm not the best at it. Not that I'm bad at it, but it terrifies me to no end. It's literally crippling.
So if you could change your name to something for a year what would you change it to?
Haha, I like the topic change! One name. You know, it'd probably be my real name but with "sister" appended to the front of it.
hahaha are you serving a mission soon? so sister-kj
I might be. Yup! Sister KJ.
hahaha I can see it now
Heh, that'd be fun. Actually, I need to start ending. I'm getting kinda busy. Thanks for the chat! It was lovely. We'll be sure to discuss my sisterly-ness at some later date. See you around, Adam!
Nice talking see ya later!

Hello
How do I change my name?:)
Hi casey I have no idea, you could recreate your account
Would I need a different netID?
maybe. you'd better reapply to BYU and start over on your education to get a new netID There might be no other way to win a mac book
Good idea! I'm more interested in the truffles though!!!

IT REFRESHED AGAIN NOOOOOO what is happening
what

Hi!
Hello! Where was the last placed you travelled to?
I went to Utah a few weeks ago to visit family What about you?
I visited family in Utah too! I went to my cousin's wedding.
That's awesome! I'm at a wedding right now haha I'm guarding the gifts so I'm really bored
No way! We have so much in common!:) Are there potential thieves at this wedding?
Not yet but I'm keeping my eye out
Watch out for those kids under 4 ft. They're the really sneaky ones. They can climb under the tables or hurry and grab one without you even noticing
Smart haha
Are you close with the wedding couple?
Sorry had to watch the door for a bit haha And I went to seminary with the bride but we're not super close It's crazy because just two years ago she was a senior in high school like I am now
No problem! And I know what you mean! It's crazy how much life changes in such a short amount of time. Side note: I am also a senior in high school right now. So thats cool.
Yay class of 2022!! Do you know what you want to study?
Whoo! Whoo! And I do actually. I want to go into communications, specifically Public Relations. What about you?
Computer science:)
Cool! What draws you to that field?
I've always loved math and I took my first comp sci class in 7th grade and loved it What about you?
I love language.I love people and learning about who they are and what their stories are. I love to write too. So in Public Relations I'll be up talking to people talking to consumers of a product. But I hope to go and work for a nonprofit or a charity. I talk for days about this:) I'm so excited to learn about what I'm passionate about you know?
Wow that sounds so great:)
*I could talk for days... sorry:)

I would travel to see all the wonders of nature
I would also spend it traveling
Where do you want to go?
i would go to russia or germany wbu?
Either Ireland or Japan
oooo those are good I would go to ireland too
It looks so pretty there
yeah my mom and dad went this winter and they loved it! they said the people were sooo nice
Really?! That's so cool
yeah! and they went to the chech republic they like it there too
Wow! So fun! I can't wait to travel and see places too
yeah me too! they didn't bring me along XD
Haha, they'll have to take you next time
I hope so!
So, what do you like to do?
I like to read and play trumpet, you?
I love reading too! I also like to draw. I loving playing the piano and trombone
trombone?? that's so cool! how long have you been playing it? what do you like to draw?
I've been playing since sixth grade. And I am currently into drawing figures and people
that's so cool! I love drawing too but im not very good but i find it fun
I'm not super good either. What do you like to draw?
i like to draw people and symbolic sketches
Cool, what do you mean by symbolic sketches?
like when something big happens or something sad i get this picture that pops into my head and i draw it so it means something to me. like a moment in my life i guess
Oh, that makes sense. I do that but by writing poems
oh my goodness same! i love writing poetry still not very good but it's a good stress releiver for me
Isn't it amazing? Like that somehow you can convey feelings without ever mentioning them
exactly! and how everyone who reads it takes something different away and when someone explains what it means and its what you meant it to mean you're like "you get it!"
Yes!! It's so satisfying too! It helps me get out my feelings since I don't really like talking about them
yeah i can talk about mine, but nobody ever listens so i just end up feeling worse. so i write it out
Oh, really? I'm glad poetry helps when no one listens
yeah poetry and writing in my journal and playing music all good ways to channel it well i have to go but it was good talking to you! have a good night!

java
I love java. I'm taking computer science classes.
Oh, me too! Do you like to eat cookies?
I love chocolate chip cookies. I also like smores too, but I'm excited to try some pink lemonade cookies soon.
I love pink lemonade, but sometimes it gets too sweet. I feel like it would not taste very good as a cookie, though.
Yeah, I wasn't sure how they would taste but I'm excited to try them.
When do you get to try it?
My brother ordered the for a fundraiser so I get to try them in a few weeks.
I'm running cross country still so I can't eat sweets right now. Well, I'm trying not too, anyways. I'm not doing a very good job at it, though because I love eating sweets.
What kind of sweets do you like?
I like brownies, ice cream, cookies, and cupcakes.
I like mint brownies!
I love mint brownies. My friend's grandma makes the best mint brownies. They are so good!
Does she bake a lot?
Yes, she bakes all the time. She makes great cookies and bread,too! I need to stop talking about sweets. Too much of it gives me a headache.
Well, how is your cross country season going?
It's been going pretty well. My team won the district meet and the regionals meet. I placed 9th overall at Regionals. We are preparing to go to Sate.
Wow, congratulations on qualifying for State.
Thanks! Our meet was supposed to be on Saturday, but it got postponed till this upcoming Saturday because the course got flooded. It really sucked because we had an RV rented for last Saturday that we all pitched in to pay for and we couldn't get a refund.
The course was flooded! That must have been really stressful. I would hate if my last meet was postponed for an extra week.
None of us were too excited about having to run for an extra week but I guess we do not mind having an extra week to spend with each other. We are all pretty close to each other so we like to hang out.
That's good! I bet you guys are ready to be done after all of that.
Yeah, we have been running for about 10 months straight now.
You've been running for 10 months? That's crazy. I can't imagine running for that long. How many miles do you usually run?
On Mondays we run about 8 or 9 miles. Then on Tuesdays and Thursdays we run about 5 or 6 miles. Wednesdays are our workout days so we do repeats that are about 3 or 4 miles total. On Friday, we run about 3 or 4 miles.
Wow! That is a lot of running. I would not be able to do that.
I'm so ready to be done with it. I'm so ready to be done with running.
I would be ready to be done running, too after doing that for 10 months.
I'm so tired and exhausted from it all.
I would take a nap everyday.
I love taking naps. The only problem is that it messes up my sleep schedule so then I can't fall asleep at night if I take a nap.
I usually listen to music if I can't fall asleep.
I listen to music a lot, too. I like the Beatles. Paul McCartney is my favorite. Who is your favorite?
My favorite person fro the Beatles is John Lennon.
I like Imagine by John Lennon.
I like that song, too.
I feel like every worldwide service organization has a cover of it. I know UNICEF and Kids United have done covers.
Those covers were so good, though!
Yeah, I love the one by Kids United. The one older girl is so good. I love her voice. Its beautiful.
She is so good. She's my favorite out of all of them.
My favorite song by the Beatles is Don't Let Me Down.
That song is so good. I love Something by them more.
That one is so cute. Penny Lane is also one of my favorites. Let It Be always gives me the feels.
Penny Lane is such a fun song. I love listening to that one.
I like to listen to it with my friend. I got her into the Beatles and I'm very proud. We like to watch the sunset together and listen to Penny Lane.
Sunsets are so pretty.
We also like to play instruments together, too. We write songs on our ukulele and guitar.
You play guitar?
Yeah, I'm not very good at it, though.
How long have you been practicing it for?
I started playing in fourth grade, but I kind of gave up and stopped playing till my freshman year of high school.
That's a long time to wait.
I quit for a while but I enjoy it now. What is your favorite type of music?
Oh, thats cool. I don't have a favorite type of music.
Wow, you are a very slow typer.
I don't really listen to music that much.
You take forever to write the shortest little sentance. I love listening to music
I've started listening more because they play more music at school.
I can't imagine someone not liking it. They play music at your school?
Could you stop making fun odf how slow I type.
Our school only plays music on Fridays.
Us too, but it is in like every class. Also, mY mth teacher plays music when we have individual work.
I stopped forever ago. I don't know why you brought it back up because now you're just asking to get roasted. I bet its boring music.
That's rude. It is not boring at all.
The music that your math teacher plays is probably so boring. I bet it is.
It is not you little punk. The music is so soothing.
Is it classical music? Only Hawaiian music is soothing and I bet you don't listen to that.
He has a big desk next to the door that I like to sit at and I sometimes fall asleep in the chair with my legs propped up because I finished my work early.
You fall asleep in class? That is not okay. Maybe you should just go to bed earlier.
When you get your work done early it is so boring, but if you don't get it done then you have homework. So I'm not sure which is better.
Also, ASMR can be soothing if it is done right.
I generally like to get my work done and be bored.
Obviously being bored with no work is better than having homework. I don't know why you would even question that. I need to go. I still haven't showered after I ran.
I've fallen asleep a lot.
That isn't good. I don't know why you're telling me this like you're proud of it.
Once in science we were wtching this relly boring video about rocks and we had our stuffed animals and our blankets.
I don't feel bad about not showering because you probably haven't showered in months. How old are you?
I was out cold and one of my classmates told me that the teacher said not to wake me up.
Are you like five!? Why do you have stuffed animals and blankets at school.
It was in third grade.
I feel like you think this is funny.
I'not in third grade anymorre. Obviously. Of course I think it is funny. Why wouldn't I.
Oh, wow. So this whole time you were acting like this happened yesterday when it was really years ago.
Yeah.
I hate liars. I also hate fakers.
I thought you said you had to go. I didn't lie. Or fake.
I had to go take a shower, but then I decided I didn't have to go because you probably haven't showered eaither.
Excuse me, but I showered this morrning.
I'm kind of psychic and I can tell.
When was the last time time you took a shower?
Okay, but you should go shower now.
I thought you didn't like liars.
Don't ask me about my hygiene, that's just awkward.
Why, I didn't sweat at all today?
I don't believe that.
Why, cause you haven't showered in ages? Why?
No, I shower more than you probably.
Big lie.
I feel like you got offended and now you're going thorugh your candy stash to try to cover up your sadness. I didn I didn't lie. I bet you're laughing at my text now.
Stacker. Are you watching me through the window?
I don't understand what you meant by that. No.... I think the word you were looking for is stalker.
Cause there is definitely a shadowy figure out there.
You said stacker.
I know what I said. And you know wht I meant.
I don't think you are supposed to make so many mistakes in your typing. I need to go now. I have things to do. That may or may not include showering.
You know what Kyle was the guy who won last time and he had the worst typing ever. It was worse than me.
Oh, how did he win then? Is this the second round? How do you know he won? I told you I have to go.
Yeah the last session I think ended on Nov. 2.
When does this session end?
Cause I am psychic.
Nov. 2nd was like 3 days a go.
I have no idea in the galaxy. Yep.
Why do you think that you are psychic?
You got that right.
You obviously aren't. You are not making any sense. Why did you have to bring in the galaxy into this.
I think I am psychic because I knew that Kyle was winning even though it didn't show his name.
I doesn't deserve to be treated that way. Ummm
Uhh. What.
I don't think that's how it works. I meant it.
That's how what works?
Use your common sense and context clues. Exactly.
I thought you had to leave.
Rubber ducky, you're the one. You make bath time so much fun! I do. Can I go now?
What?
Bye.
Yeah go.
Hey, I'm back.
You are a psychic stacker.
What did you have for dinner?
Good stuff what about you?
I had such tasty food too. I had chicken alfredo without the chicken. I also had some broccoli in my chicken alfredo. Then I had some spicy eggplant. A Japanese dish. It was so good. I had like ten servings of it. The spicy egplant was the best. I love spicy things. What about you?
I love spicy things too. Jalapenios flavored things are so good.
I love jalapenos too. I love Japanese food. What kind of food do you like.
I love shushi or suushi. It is so good. I accidentally spelled sushi wrong in my username so now everyone knows me as sushi beast.
Wow that's crazy. I can't believe you spelled it wrong.
Me neither.
It is literally one of the easiest words to spell in the english language. French class is so boring. It is like the worst. I odn't get half of the stuff the teacher says, so I just wing it. For homework we get like eight pages of vocabulary to do and we don't really k now how to do it. Buy I have to leave.
Ok see you soon. I hope french gets more interesting.

Traveling, for sure.
Nice Where would you travel to?
Everywhere! I would want to visit europe the most! What about you
That would be such a cool place to go To travel I would love to go to India or Nepal or some place like that Maybe China
Yeah! That would be awesome!!! I was born in China:) I was too young to remember any of it though India would be pretty neat
That is way awesome! Does you family do any of the traditions or cultures from there?
Not really, I'm adopted. But my parents learned a lot while going to China to get me
Nice
Yeah! I would like to visit again too
Do you think you will ever go back and visit oh you just said that
So what are your hobbies Haha yeah I would like to visit china again
I really like being outside in general
im not sure when but sometime haha That's cool! outdoors is nice and relaxing
I like hiking, taking pictures on those hikes, playing frisbee, water sports
That sounds super fun! I love hiking!
What has been your most favorite hike?
Hmmmm...that's a hard one. I like hikes in the woods mostly. what about you?
I love wooded hikes I really enjoyed summitting mount eddy
Yeah they're nice. That's cool!
It ended up being like a 15 mile hike I was so tired when I finished
wow!!! that's long haha! the longest i have ever done was 13 miles i bet!! haha hikes are killer sometimes
Oh yeah When I was done I ate two foot longs from subway I was so hungry I guess I burned too many calories
WOW!!! haha two?! that's crazy! yeah I bet
I know a guy that does 100 mile races and from start to finish those guys lose weight its crazy
Oh my heavens!! 100 miles?! I could never haha. I wouldn't make it that is super crazy it takes a special kind of person to do that and to even want to do that
Haha exactly cut off two zeros and I can manage that
So what's your favorite foods
I love italian food and sushi but really any food I love trying all sorts of new food
I LOVE SUSHI Me too!! food is sooo goood haha what is a food you absolutely hate
Cow stomach And cilantro
oh really? I looove cilantro. But ew! cow stomach that's nasty
Cilantro tastes like soap to me, its just an extra receptor I have for taste Ill gag if I eat it
Soap??? I think I have heard that before!! haha
Its pretty nasty
wow!! I love cilantro in mexican food Yeah soap isn't good lol
It kinda puts a damper on mexican food and oriental foods
Awww bummer
I have to pick out the cilantro if I can

Hello?
Hi again
Hey Whats up?
Nothing new. What about you?
My computer just flipped out so I needed to restart it I feel bad, I was chatting with someone and had to close it all out
ok that's sad hahaha
I tried to open up ebay to compare prices of things that I am selling and I dont know what I clicked wrong but it started yelling at me saying my computrer was being attacked
Hahaha I hate when that happens. So sad.
Im doing all the scans now to see if it did anything to the computer I hate those and I am not fond of the people who create those things
Me neither. I think you should be fine. Unless you downloaded and installed something.
I didnt Ugh Oh well So anything new with you?
Not really. I I went to a high school play last night
What play was it?
The twelfth night from Shakespeare
Hm, never heard of it
And then I realized that the movie she is the man is inspired on that story Have you seen she is the man?
I havent What is it all about?
The premise of both is that there are a couple of twin siblings, and the girl pretend to be her brother, she falls in love with a guy that loves another girl. At the end her brother comes back and the other girl falls in love with him because she was in love with his sister and everyone ends well in a couple.
That sounds like a roller coaster
Yep, just like all Shakespeare
Haha I guess that is true
Yep
I have never really liked his work though I guess reading the old english was a struggle
Yeah. It's kind of boring.
What is your favorite book you have read?
I really like the Sherlock Holmes collection But now I enjoy reading self development books
Oh thats cool Are they helpful?
Right now I'm reading Artemis Fowl which is fiction, but the last one I read was Smarter, Faster, and Better which is a book that talks about productivity strategies. The one I like the most is rehearsing in your mind.
What is rehearsing in your mind?
let's say that you have to give a presentation or a speech, you practice in your mind you imagine yourself delivering the speech to someone that's a good way to practice, learn, and memorize.
Hm thats interesting
Yes, he also talks about ways to motivate yourself to do things you don't want to do.
I could definitely use that Sometimes I get really effective bursts of things done And other times I take naps
He gives the example on how he had to read a lot of research papers to write the book, And so at the top of all the papers he would write the reason why he was reading it what he wanted to get from it.
That is a good idea! Even for smaller things You could broaden that to stating a purpose for why you do anything
He also talks about setting goals. But in a way that you do more than being busy.
What are some of your big goals in life?
You should read it.
What was the name again?
I want to finish college, get a good job and help my family. Smarter, Faster, Better by Charles Duhigg
Thats right! Ill write it down Those are some great goals
He also wrote another good book called The Power of Habit
Do you recommend that one as well?
Yes, that one talks about how habits are created
At a glance I thought you said hobbits And I was really confused
what trigger them, and how we can change bad habits
Oh cool I will have to try those out
Yeah What is your favorite?
I think habits are fascinating how they can be helpful or hurtful My favorite book?
Yes.
So I havent done a lot of recent reading Besides textbooks if you count those But my favorite series growing up was the Gaurdian of Gahool series
I never heard of those.
They are about owls I really liked, and still do, owls
really, that's interesting What is so fascinating about owls? I don't know a lot about it.
There are just so many kinds, the diversity is intriguing. They are also predators, and their talons are super cool Their wings and silent flight is incredible, their night sight, and hearing is awesome Some scientists were trying to mimic the feather structure to make jets more quiet
Wow, you know a lot. That's cool.
Haha I geeked out a little I am sorry
That's okay I like when people talk about things they are passionate about.
It just is always so genuine I love it to
Yeah What other passions do you have?
Thats like asking me to open pandoras box basically I love light, like so much. With photography I always have an eye out for interesting light I will stop randomly just to appreciate a shadow or a beam of light
That's interesting, I like it I love light, but mainly natural light. So I love looking at the stars and sun, and moon although looking at the sun it's not as fun
bahahahaha I just died oh my gosh No looking at the sun isnt the best, unless you have the cool glasses that let you look at it Or looking at pictures of the sun
Or you can use x-ray sheets I've done that
Oh thats cool what did you use those for?
To see a solar eclipse many years ago
Oh ncie I think the shadows are so cool during an eclipse
yes, they have the shape of the eclipse
THAT IS SO COOL
yeah It's so cool I love it. it's kind of mysterious as well
Can you imagine not understanding what was happening and then living through that I can see why people in the past were so crazy
And that's was basically their calendar as well
I am glad we learned what they were I would straight panic Its amazing they figured so much out with what they ahd had*
Well, they had more time to spare, less distractions and all of that
This is true But I am grateful for phones and computers
Me too
What is something you are most grateful for from modern technology
I really enjoy What'sApp because that's what I use to talk to my family.
Oh that is so sweet My answer seems so selfish now
you can say it. no judgements
toilets....
Hahaha I love that bathroomstoilets are my favorite place to think
I just always appreciate them EXACTLY!
Or to browse instagram haha
Also valid
See all the distractions in our days I use to think there, now I use instagram
I am trying to not take my phone into the bathroom because then I spend too much time And my legs fall asleep
Same here sometimes I have my elbows printed on my knees
Oh that is me every time
Haha Among other things like roommates knocking on the door.
I dont think I have ever been in the bathroom that long luckily we had two bathrooms so usually they could use the other
we had two but I take my time
Hahaha
sometimes on campus the bathroom lights go off.
That is funny
yep
When I was little we were at the hosipital and I went into one of those restrooms with automatic swtiches And the lights went out. and I was still terrified of the dark It felt like I was in there for hours too scared to move
oh, I'm sorry
It was probably like 5 minutes Haha no worries Its hilarious to think about
It is. If it makes you happy, the lights go off on me a least once a week in the Talmage
Hahahaha
Then I wave my arms and they turn on again
that is so funny
I'm not scared, but hey I know how annoying it is There is a bathroom where the light goes all poltergaist before turning off
Oh what does that even mean
You know in scary movies when the lights start blinking? for no reason
OH yes I get it now That would scare me
I think there was a movie with that name. It was a scary movie, I just use the name because my sisters would know that is horror and if I say that the light is doing that they understand
Oh that make sense
They watch a lot of those movies in my house
I am not a fan of scary movies
I used to be when I was growing up, they had a plot to it. Usually around halloween and traditions now they are mainly tortuer torture not fun
Why arnt they fun now?4
It doesn't have a story or tradition It's usually a psycho torturing people
Ah that makes sense I dont like the stories
or people getting involved with witch craft I don't like that What kind of movies you like?
Yeah its not good content
Nothing is lately And that's a bummer
I like the marvel stuff!
Me too who is your favorite? I'll be back in a minute, dinner is calling my name
Okay! But when you get back I really like dr strange
Me too The beginning looks like they were high but it's good
Of the doctor strange movie? I dont quite remember it It has been a while I should watch it again
I love how Marvel managed to bring sherlock and dr. Watson Yeah When the lady in yellow is fighting the bad guys
Oh yeah That part was trippy I remember now
But it was cool
It was really cool It was like the inception stuff
Yes all that street folding shifting stuff and people not noticing I wonder if the same animators worked on both things
Maybe! Can you imagine if it were real? Well even animating that must have been a huge process
Yes that's crazy
I think his powers are so cool And his struggle to get there and how it humbles him so much
Yes He had to become humble even though he is not humble at all
Haha yeah Im excited for them to make the next one with just him
That's going to be so fun I hope they bring the CIA guy from black panther in a cross over since they are together all the time in sherlock
That would be so great! you should go suggest that!
They should have a website for suggestions haha but that could get messy especially after the last movie
Haha can you imagine the amount of suggestions they would get
Or complaints people going crazy I gotta go I'll be back later

Hello!
hello good morning!
lol what happened with the other one?
ahh man i have a bugged chat... another one of these.. sorry im going to reset

What a coincedence!
Spider-man
The ability to spider-man?
No. Just Spider-man Haha
Hehe
Probably flight
I would have the power of omnipotence. Hehe
Well hey
I would be a shapeshifter.
Can you choose one superhero and pick all of their powers? In that case: Superman
Then I could be a squishy
Squishy?
Just kidding
What for real?
I'd shape shift into a dinosaur
So for real shape shifting?
Or a bird so I could fpy fly*
What kind if dinosaur?
Yeah shapeshifting is cool. Probably an Allosaurus Since they're cool.
Can you get the powers of someone you shape shift into?
I don't know but I'd just say yes for omnipotence hehe I could shape shift into a diploma
Haha. I need to eat my fries first.
I could shape shift into an ant I could shape shift into fries
What if you got eaten?
I would shape shift into something else before then and escape.
Oh true
I think I would be allowed to shift into mythical things as well.
Oh cool. What about modern art?
Time travel would be another cool super power as long as you don't mess things up. I could but why would I?
Why not? Odo from Star Trek does.
Why did he do that?
A shapeshifter's purpose in life, on the show, is to become a thing in order to truly understand a thing.
Hold up, why does Yzma have vials for transforming into different animals anyway?
You can't know what a mountain is until you become one
Uh ok
Why not?
Maybe she turns enemies into animals if she doesn't want to kill them?
That makes sense.
But they are still able to talk...
Oh yeah. I have no idea
It's just a plot mcguffin I guess.
A what now?
An object in a story that is there simply to drive the plot forward. Like the one ring or the holy grail. Or the lab building in Ant Man 2 haha.
Wouldn't anything be a plot mcguffin? Is that the actual name for it. Oh true
Yeah that's the actual name for it. Well characters aren't usually mcguffins unless they're Matt Damon and need to be rescued all the time as the main point of the plot.
I see, haha
Some people say that lightsabers are mcguffins but that doesn't really make sense. The Death Star plans woulf be one though. would* The safe in Ant Man 1 in the beginning could be one too
I always put the asterisk before the word I misspelled.
Or the suit I just put it next to the word. I don't really pay attention to where I put it.
Tsk tsk tsk Do you like noodles?
Don't tsk at me! Yeah, I like asian noodles but not pasta so much. Unless it's mac and cheese
Oh good, me too. Lemme tell you something. I like noodles
I like the chow mein from Panda Express a lot. What is your favorite noodle?
Same. Sometimes it's a bit too dry, though. I like all noodles Ramen noodles
Even zuchini noodles?
Soup noodles Those are not noodles
That's what I think. Veggie noodles are lies. Skim milk is water lying about being milk.
It's true. It's like a vegan hot dog or almond milk. Whole milk is the best
Almond milk is easier to say than almond puree with added ingredients. Whole milk is the best.
Nope Do you like ramen?
It depends what kind. Usually not really unless I have no time.
Even the cheese flavored kind?
I actually like what dry ramen tastes like. No, not really.
Oh, you're one of those people
What do you mean "one of those people"?
Only strange people like dry ramen. That's like eating Ritz crackers. Gross.
It's okay to be different! Ritz crackers are delicious!
Of course you can be different, but it's just strange.
Especially Ritz sour cream and onion chips from the vending machines.
Blech!
Maybe you're strange for liking noodles so much. Have you had the noodle dream?!
Actually no. But I do dream of sushi. Just like that guy on the Netflix documentary.
What documentary?
"Jiro Dreams of Sushi" I mean, who wouldn't dream of sushi?
I must say I haven't seen it.
I've only seen part of it. But I do understand him
I hardly ever have food dreams.
I'm sorry. Those are the best dreams
I don't usually remember my dreams.
Interesting
I usually have to wake up during the dream to remember it. Actually last night I think I also had a sushi dream
That's so beautiful. How was it?
It was cool. It was kind of like a build-your-own setup.
That's extra beautiful. Have you ever played Sushi Go?
You walked around to different stations and got your rice and put what kinds of meat and stuff you wanted on it. I think wagyu was an option.
Oh my goodness. Wow. Oh man. I have no words
Yeah, it's a fun game! It's like this game called Go Nuts For Donuts.
Only better since it's sushi
Yes, that's true. I don't really like donuts to be honest. It's also a less frustrating game from my experience.
Really? Me too. They're too sweet. And often really dru
The art in both is really cute though.
*dry Oh good. That really makes a difference
Yeah I don't like how dry they are and they're usually pretty bland.
Yeah. Like, if they were covered in nice apple pie filling, then sure
But then I'd just get a pie instead.
But the crust is dry too
Fruit is tasty. I don't eat the dry crust edge. Only the tasty soft part. You have to get the right pie.
Oh, well, in that case. I don't mind the soft crust under the filling, though. And you know it
Cherry, apple, and blackberry are my favorite. What's your favorite type of pie?
I don't think I've ever had blackberry pie. I like cherry and apple, too. Have you ever had watermelon pie?
Or maybe I mean't blueberry...
You probably meant blueberry. That would be good.
Mmmm Ew, no
Me neither. I did work at a food shelter place that gave away watermelon juice. Not bad.
There's this restaurant that roasts watermelon like meat.
The thing is, it might look like meat, but there's no way that could taste good. Just like vegan hot dogs.
I heard it tastes completely different and that the dude who makes it wasn't trying to make imitation meat or anything.
Weird. I wonder if you could just make it at home
Vegan goldfish crackers are tastey though.
Never had those. I like tofu
I don't think it would taste good. Tofu is rubbery and tasteless. I want tp try wagyu beef. to*
No no no no. Okay true But not in delicious soups or marinades
That's right.
That's right
Never had tofu in a soup. I'm getting sleepy.
Are you serious? Hot and sour soup is the best!
Yes, for both.
I see. Well, I guess we can chat tomorrow then
Okay.
Okay. Bye.
See you later.
Alligator

Hi! How are you? Are you a fan of peanut butter?
hello! yessss i love peanut butter yourself?
I love the taste of peanuts but I'm not a fan of the consistency of peanut butter, it's way too thick or something Which is too bad because I really like the taste of peanut butter!
oh hmmm that's interesting i wonder if u could make some type of thinner peanut butter at home

Happiness and how to feel better about yourself Idk something really uplifting and fun
I think I would give a TED talk that was about how we can be motivated by positive outward expressions verbally
That sounds like a cool topic!!!! I'd definitely watch haha
haha thanks! I said that because lately I have had a lot of friends and family be really negative for some reason. I mean their lives have been kind of sucky but for me it helps me tremendously when I positively talk about situations outwordly
That's good. I love positive vibes, it really does help one's outlook on life
yeah totally and I think that is why god gave us agency because when life gets hard we can do two things. be negative or postive on the situation that we are in
Oh definitely!!! It's all in the grand plan
whats the craziest thing youve ever done?
I jumped off my roof one time
and? did you break stuff? because breaking stuff is cool you still there?
Yeah Im still here!! I'm so sorry!! It's my computers fault Like did I break a bone??? I didn't break a bone that time but I broke my arm from falling off a slide when I was like 8 lol
oooh ouch
yeah, it was literally like 5 feet off the ground but somehow I managed to break it in 2 places it's kind of funny
oh my goodnesss... hahaha sorry im laughing
It's okay. I laugh about it all the time If you can picture it, I was with 3 of my friends and we all wanted to climb up this long slide so we were in this long line to go up and I was at the bottom my friends weren't moving up at all so I was just kind of stuck and then suddenly I slipped and the next thing i knew, I had abroken arm I went the entire day in pain and my parents didn't believe that I had a broken arm even tho it was bright red and swollen to twice its size but I hope that was a funny story for you haha
hahaha yeah it was. I have weak bones apparently but I dont think I do
Oh yeah?? Have you broken any bones??
yeah elbow, pinky toe, wrist, and left ankle
Hooo boy, thats a lot
yeah I have good stories for all of them
Ooh let's hear a few
you choose
Ohhh, I have the power hahaha okay, I'll choose the broken ankle
ok so did I tell you that I like to climb? well I was with my friend in St. George because we love to go down the the desert to go rock climbing because its warm in the winter I was up about 125 feet from the ground and I was placing safety gear and the rock that I was holding broke off and I fell to a ledge about 20 feet down and broke my ankle. My friend had to lower me down 125 feet and I had to crawl on 3s to the car whcih was about a mile away
Omigoodness that's awfull!!!
yeah
It's a pretty good story tho better then my falling off a slide story lol
and the stupid funny part is that we drove back 4 hours to provo that day and i didn't go to the doctor for a week and a half because i didn't think i broke it. Or at least i hoped I didnt because of medical bills but the swelling didn't go down and it got more purple so my friends who I was living with forced me to go see a doctor. Well you know that bone that sticks out onthe ankle? that was just snapped off clean
ewiie thats pretty aweful man how long did it take to heal
the entire winter sememster I crutched around in snow and ice. that was a fun experience. that best part is is that that semester I had classes on the south end of the campus and north so it took me a while to go between classes but my triceps got pretty toned hahaha
Oh that sounds awful Did your cast ever get really wet from the snow???
I actually tol dthem not to give me one because I didn't want to pay 500 more dollars
Omigoodness that's super metal
hahaha I just went to a thrift store and bought a 5 dollar medical boot my ankle is good as new. didnt need a cast
woww smart haha although I'm not sure I'd do that
well you know what you should let the doctors and nurses do their thing. OHHHHHH I forogot to mention I had surgery on my ankles from that break. I had two medical screws that were 4 inches long to put the bones back together
Accck I can't even imagine that sounds horrible I've never had to have surgery I guess I'm just super lucky
eating dinner brb!

I know a lot of 3 year old girls who would be extremely excited
Same! Have you seen Despicable Me 3? There is a scene in that where, oh what's her name the youngest one, and she goes into a forest to see a real unicorn
I haven't! Only the first 2. But Agnes is one of my favorites!
Yes Agnes! That's her name. The third movie wasn't as good as the first ones but it was still enjoyable to watch.

I don't even know what that means
wait are you serious
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha im kidding
wait what
issa joke
how did we get paired
I heard the more you type, the more points you get
wait what
The person with the most points gets a free ipad
I'm literally so confused what am I doing right now
lol we are classic teenagers
I should be in bed did you know they record all of these messages we are so weird I want out
why
but actually I want an ipad
meee too
so imma keep typing
Lol rolf
it stopped telling me when you are typing
rofl
I wish I could send you gifs
WOAHHHHH Ok wait yeah same
I think you're really cool I like you a lot maybe we should hang out or something
If you could relive a day what day would you relive ITS A MONDAY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA I LOVE THAT VIDEO
I don't even know what day I would relive
relive and change the day or relive because it was a good day and you want to experience it again
Either Oh no my computer is going to die.
no its not
ur rit
you just plugged it in
I luv ya
ahh I don't like dwelling on the past so I hate that question em
Did Meg just day lil pump is older than her by a day
that's what I heard

Hello
hi what day would you relive?
Oh man! That's a tough question haha
it definitely is
I'd say a day from a family trip this last summer. We spent a day in Mexico and it was so fun. I had never been before what about you?
fun! this may sound pretentious, but i've started meditating recently and i think it's best to not focus on the past do you know what i mean? like it's more important to embrace right now and just be happy rather than wishing for a day in the past maybe i wish that question was "what's your favorite memory" instead
Haha. No that makes sense. I'd agree with that too. I love to remember stuff like that, but if your reminiscing turns into wishing you could go back in time... that's bad
exactly, i agree
cause then you stop moving forward. My mom has a funny little sign that says "stop looking backwards. You're not going that way"
true something important i learned is that depression comes from focusing on the past, and anxiety comes from focusing on the future
That makes perfect sense!
yeah! i love thinking about these things haha
Very philosophical haha I find that looking both forward and back is good in moderation
do you like philosophy?
In moderation hahaha I enjoy talking about it to a degree, but I don't spend much time thinking about it lol
Yeah philosophy can definitely end up just thinking yourself in circles are you more of an engineering applied science guy?
Haha too true sort of.. I'm a wired hodgepodge... I am a very technical person, I study computer science. But at the same time I have a very artistic side. I also have an animation emphasis what about you
i'm a computer science major too! i also wanted to do the animation emphasis, but i just decided on the bioinformatics emphasis actually
oh nice!! That stuff is super interesting. No way I could pull it off though ahah kudos
well i'm just barely getting started, we'll see how things go haha have you done a lot of animation yourself?
yah!! It's pretty fun! VERY time consuming my focus is visual effects
that's awesome so do you use after effects and such?
Actually, not a ton. The name after effects is a bit deceiving. Technically speaking after effects is a compositing software. Basically that's a fancy way of saying that it's purpose is to put the different layers of stuff together at the end We use houdini FX and maya mostly
interesting
Houdini's strong point is physical simulations of real world things.. Like water and fire
sweet. have you ever seen those satisfying water simulations on reddit and such?

That would be a little wierd I'm not sure
HEY no they cant because they lack the ability to procreate and that I think is a part of what love is made out of
oh yeah that makes sense so are you number 1 then???
no im number 0:)
No way... you are???
yeah surprise!
No way.. I knew it LOL!!! That's quite incredible
LOL
I can't even wrap my head around that many points
yeah people pick up that I am somewehre up there because I am on all the time
I'm working as hard as I can and I have minimal points lol
lol you had a late start I started when they opened this round
Yeah I did I started 2 days ago and I am really sad because I probably won't have a chance now: but i still really want to try hard!!!
yeah do it! You can still win an IPDA Ipad
I'm hoping so, but I'm not sure I'll work really hard But I'm glad that you will probably get the macbook
thank you Morghan you are so kind and encouraging there was this guy on here that was very salty and hostile towards me because he found out that I was number 0
Aww. That's so rude I'm sorry.
ahh its alright
Do you remember his name??? Did he refuse to talk to you after that?
the competition probably got the best of him
aw that stinks.
well kind of. He was really getting at me so I was ended the chat and I told him that regardless he should enjoy the competition and be nice
Maybe he's trying super hard as well, poor guy
I try to avoid him now that is why I don't start the conversation at the beginning usually because it its him he doesnt talk back to me
That's good stay clear of the negativity So if you don't mind me asking, how many chats do you usually have open??
I try to have about 4 to 6 open
Oh yeah me too anything more gets a little hectic
I used to have 8 but I cant keep up anymore and I found that its better to type longer and have better conversations with people so its not so boring
Yeah. It makes it a lot easier and fun when you can actually talk to people
yeah it does and the connection make its enjoyable too
I've really enjoyed myself so far. It would be interesting to meet the people I am talking with
they had like a mingle and pizza the other week
oh really??? That's pretty cool!
yeah it was but I met the guy that was mean there. That was before he was mean though
That's unfortunate that he was rude just keep working for it!!
yep I will. I have the time!
I've been pretty set on it when I found out about it. I hope they do contests like this more in the future so I have the opportunity to win more stuff. and this is just fun!!
they will do more when Fall semester starts. I don't know what the prizes will be but it will probably still be good hahahaha
Oh i hope so. I'll work super hard so I can maybe get something someday Well, I keep thinking about that box of chocolates I'll probably win. I just hope its a good sized box and not some tiny one you know!! I've been working hard for it
the box is pretty big you will get like 50 mint truffles in it and they are so so so good!!
Wooow!!! That makes it all worth it!! Thanks my dude
yeah no worries
Whats the most amount of points you have gotten from a single chat???
uhhhh like 100k but it was a long one
Oh yeah. I had one of those. Those are awesome It gets you a lot of points in one go and it's satisfying to see your score go up so much.
yeah it does I love it haahaha.
So, about metal. Do you have any songs I should listen to?
OH MORGHAN didyou listent to that band i told you about yesterday? you never responded
Oh yeah. The virus on my computer closed the tab. But i listened to it a little bit!! They were pretty good!! I liked one a lot but I can't quite recall the name of it
no worries. I would recommend you listen to August Burns Red or Underoath. These are my all time favorites and they are christian metal band but don't worry they aren't one of those cliche chritian bands.
Christian metal bands aren't that bad. I really like skillet They are pretty good
ooh yeah skillet
Do you have a fav song by them?
its been a really long time since I heard them but theres this one song on their first album thats good

this is going to sound depressing but I would relive a day I spent with my friend before he lost his battle to brain cancer! We went out to a movie then ate ice cream and just did a bunch of our favorite things
that is really sad... but it sounds like it was a lot of fun
yea haha what about you?
I can't decide if I would rather relive a day that was really good or one I wish I could change
sORRY LOL DIDNT MEAN TO MAKE THINGS SAD***
lol its fine
I agree! Thats tough!
I think I would rather relive a happy day
haha good idea such as?
The day I got my dog was pretty exciting
awww what kind of dog do you have?
we trained her as a guide dog then she got retired and came back in an airplane
AWWWW CUTEEEEE
she's a black lab I have to go run an errand for my mom real quick
aw labs are so cute!!
I'll be right back

Hey what's up!
Hey haha I guess there wasn't a lot of chance in that
We meet again:) Yeah no one is on
I have another would you rather Would you rather be beautiful and dumb or ugly and smart?
Ugly and smart, I would get taken advantage of the other way around What about you? Did you say something?
Yeah, I would rather be ugly and smart. With smarts, you can be rich, and nobody's really that ugly, just poor.
Yeah
You can essentially buy beauty, if you want it
Good point I wonder what life would be like if everyone were beautiful People would probably think that everyone else was ugly and that everyone is just all ugly I don't know if I'm making sense
No I see what you mean, because right now so many people that we think look average are actually rather beautiful, but our standards of beauty have risen so much that they're impossible to keep up with
I wonder if our standards of beauty would just change to looking like whoever was popular at the time
I mean, people compare themselves to the most beautiful people in the world and feel ugly, but when compared to just an average person they look fine Yeah I think they do,
What do you think is the coolest car in the entire world
pt cruiser limo stretch pt cruiser

Hey You up?
Hello fellow human! It is me, A real human just like you You know, I think that if computers started asking not to be turned off I would definitely listen to them. Maybe us humans don't understand how bad it is to be turned off! Anyways, lets talk about breathing. I breathe all the time! Hello fellow human are you there? Goodbye

Hello! You here? Helloooo.
Yea Are you there?

This is a dumb question haha. How is you end of the semester going?
Is going great. I have two finals left. What about you?
Me too. trying to study for one now but its not working too well hahaha
Yeah. I understand you What final you have left?
My religion class which I am worried about bc I havnt really studied for that yet. and then my interior design class final. which im making a quizlet for rn and im not super worried about that one You?
I have organizational effectiveness and Computer Science.
did you like those classes
Yes. Organizational effectiveness talked about things that are important in companies and in life, like communication, kinds of leadership, solving conflicts and all of that. The computer science one was super fun. My professor is awesome and the concepts we learned will help in the future. The lab was tedious sometimes, but I'm over it now hahah What is your major?
Oh thats awesome. right now Im undecided. it was my first semester so I dont know yet. Im interested in interior design but they dont have a program for that here: so im fiiguring it out. what is your major?
Computer Science. I think LDS Business College has interior design
kinda guessed that hahaha. Yeah I talked to my professor about the best options so he gave me some. I could go there for it but its only associates so I wouldnt be able to do as much with it
True.
I want to stay at BYU as long as I can so I am exploring some other things to see if I like anything else
What is your other options?
Im thinking maybe landscape management or construction management. Im taking an intro to Landscape management for fall to see if i might like it either that or I might do graphic design but thats a harder program to get into
I thought about doing graphic design, but decided cs instead because it's also a creative major, but with more possibilities. And I love technology.
Thats awesome. Yeah my mom started out graphic design but changed to communications. So theres a good chance I might change my mind about interior design
I know a few people in graphic design, it's a heavy major, you are constantly working to improve your portfolio. They are always drawing or sketching things.
yeah my roomate was in that too. which maybe I wont be into that. Im just thinking of things that would look good for interior design if were to transfer to another school How long have you been at BYU
You can try to take some classes that would be transferable. I've been here for two years, I'm just finishing my sophomore year.
oh okay nice! Yeah its just hard one bc credits always transfer differently with different schools and two, byu only has a few interior design classes
That's hard. I know some people that had problems with that when they tried to transfer to their countries. Other countries don't have general classes, so since your first semester you're doing things for your major. So depending on your major, they don't accept your graduation here because they will have less credits.
ohhhhh man thats hard. It would be nice if we didnt have to take generals. they suck and just get in the way of me exploring what I want to do
Yeah, I don't like most of the generals. I think it's a lot of humanities classes. I wish some of the student development classes were generals. They are so useful. I took Effective Learning from Brother Hammock, he is so nice
that is true they dont require student development classes but it would be more helpful I feel like than some of the generals. Oh ill take a note of that.
I recommend that class. He is fun, and chill. The student development classes are more useful, you can actually learn things that you will apply in life like public speaking.
One thing I love about this chit chat challenge is that ive gotten some really good advice from other students haha its such a win win situation. I think I might add one to my schedule now lol
haha right, I feel like I'm having meaningful conversations here.
I think its cool bc its with people you will never know in real life that will never know you so I feel like I can share anything and be completely real plus I want that mac book so I wanna type as many words as possible
Haha what is your ranking?
I used to be 8 but now im 15 bc i havnt done it in a while but the macbook challenge starts the 30th i think so im okay for now
yeah. And the people up there are typing like crazy, look at those numbers
yeah seriously. I dont think I can get number one for this first round probably not even top 5 it would be hard
And demanding
true
I guess some people have more time.
It was hard this weekend bc I moved out of my appartment and I have finals too
I have to move out next weekend.
are you staying for spring summer?
No, I'm going to Seattle. I have an internship there this summer.
oh fun! is it paid?
Yes. All CS internships are.
very nice. Ill be staying in provo but Im working full time to get money for fall. Im excited to not be in school this summer
Me too. I need a break from homework. Hey I'm heading to bed. I need some sleep before studying more. It was nice talking to you.

Hello! The best thing that happened to me was going to Boston over the summer How about you? I liked Boston We almost stumbled across American history everyday We were able to go to the Boston pops firework show too. It was very American We also went up to Maine and then down to Connecticut for two separate weekends Both were really neat It's amazing how the east coast can be so diverse The lighthouses in Maine were so old and very picturesque against the rocky New England coast line I kind of wish we had lobster out there My wife really isn't into sea food but she said that she would try it out there because it was so fresh it was just so expensive And overall, we had no regrets We also learned a lot about how to deal with a lot of rain. It would pour somedays and we had to figure out how to still get to work, be outside in the rain Have you ever been to Boston? We also did some hikes while we were out there Since my wife and I had been living in Utah for the past couple of years we missed having good mountainy hikes And rocks in general Kind of weird huh? We found some good hike though They definately weren't like any up American Fork Canyon but there were goood At the top they had to build a little stand so you could see up over everything So it wasn;t much of a mountain but it was still good So am I supposed to just talk to myself on this thing? It seems like half of the time I starting chatting and nothing happens That's ok though I kind of want that ipad or macbook But there are several people who have a lot of points already haha oh well I guess I mean how to you almost have 2 million points on day two? Crazy! So question. Do you think it would be fun to be subadiver instructor? *scuba diver I think it would extra fun especially if I lived out in Hawaii or the Caribbean You know?
wow that came quick you must be super dedicated haha how are you typing so quick??? Or Have I been on the chat secretly this whole time I love the strategy...type even if no one is there. You must be one of the top two if I'm right... it takes a ton of time to get to 1.9 million. That's insnae I'm sorry that I missed you! I'll leave this open for tomorrow, if you choose to come back. I think I've already met you on here, to be honest. I remember chatting with a ninja way back probably in the first rounds are you still there??? party machines wwere regularly attacked as corrupt and inefficient, run by party hacks incapalbe of dealing wiht problems created by the gorwth of hte the large industry and natinoal markest. Reformers, working almost entirely from within the two party system, sought to destory the party machines by depriving party leaders of hte capacity to reward followers;.

Hello, anyone here?
Hello. Yes I am here
So what do you think about the prompt? What's your favorite smell?
I don't think I have a favorite smell. There are just too many good and bad smells. I don't think I could choose a favorite smell.

Oh for sure:p
oh my finally a person! I anni how are you doing this morning??? or is it annika?
yeah it's annika:) I'm doing great! How are you??
nice to meet you I am doing great this morning!
yeah you too!
I am actually getting sick of these prompts. I've had them too many times hahahaha but why do you think its murder to turn them off?
ahahahaha I had a couple of the same ones yesterday honestly I don't think I'm passionate enough about the topic to make an informed decision heh Where are you from?
oh hahaha no worries! I am originally from South Korea but I grew up mostly here in Provo What about you Annika?
That is so so cool! I have a really good friend on a mission in South Korea right now:) I'm from Arizona!
hes on the best mission hahhaha
haha I believe it! What type of music do you like to listen to?
I was a HUGE metal head when I was in high school believe it or not but now I really broadened by music taste. I listen to metal along with, rap hiphop, RB, Classics, all kinds
Haha I love it that's so cool! That's so dope
not country though but sometimes I do because my friends like to switch it up haha what about you?
There's not much I don't like listening to! I guess it really just depends on my mood
ahhh you know what?
I'm definitely on board with switching it up what??
I have actually gotten kind of bored with music lately that I would drive around in silence Its actually really meditating because I have like a full brain attention to myself when I drive
yeah I totally feel you! Whenever I get bored of my stuff I like listening to my church playlist
ooooh that is a good one. I probably would do that if I didn't listen to church music for 2 years straight and EFY music 2 years straight hahahaha
hahahaha yeahhh did you serve a mission?
yeah I did! I served in Oakland and San Francisco speaking cambodian what about you?
No way!! I LOVE San Fran 3 I'm an incoming freshman hahah
right? its the best city in the worl world. oh congrats on getting in to BYU!
Thank you! I'm hoping to go on a mission when I'm old enough though for sure
oooh where would you want to go when you got called?
Hmmm I dunno I think a church history mission would be so cool! And I've always wanted to go stateside speaking Spanish
oh wow! I have never heard anyone say that before. You are the first. church history!
hahaha yup it's a strange one!
oh thats interesting why state side?
I dunno, I've just always thought it'd be more of my thing But I guess we'll see!!
I served state side and do you know what we say to peoplel who went to third worl d countries?
haha what?
I would say things like "man those hot showers in the morning were so nice" or "man I loved my toilet" things like that
ahahahaha exactly why stateside sounds so so nice I just don't know if I could handle the culture shock ahah I went to Mexico for 2 12 weeks and it was quite something
hahaha I want to visit mexico. My friend is ther eright now for their anniversary trip
no way! It's goooorgeous
yeah I am super jealous of them but they are in a lot of debt.
And the culture is actually really fun Mexico? yeah it's definitely a very poor country, well most parts anyway
no i mean my friend hahaha hes in a lot of debt and still tries to live the high life you still there my friend?
So sorry! oh hahaha I get you now
no worries. So what kind of human are you? are you a monthly payment i dont care about debt person or I need to save and buy things with cash? my buddy is the debt guy and I think its a risky life style
well I'm still kinda young haha but as of right now I tend to lean on the frugal side
thats good frugal is good especially since college is not cheap
yeahhh nothing in life is cheap it's starting to hit me hard now
yeah once you come out here it will really hit you adulting is hard what do you do to destress? i think ineed new techniques
yeah especially since I won
you won?
yeah especially since I won't have a job right of the bat
oh haha
yeah especially since I won't have a job right off the bat
yeah that ok though. I didn't either but if you want to look on campus jobs arent bad you still there my friend?

hello!
Hey!
personally I like Mozart better hahah how are you?
I'm doing great, I just took my senior photos
ooooo WOO congrats on being accepted to BYU tho! that's exciting!
Thanks I'm really excited.
how were ur pics?
Haha really good I'm the mascot for my school and I got to take some pictures in the suit
WOW THAT IS SO COOOL what's the mascot for your school?
And I took some pictures in the cap and gown IN the suit It's a black and teal hawk
HAHAHA THAT'S GREAT yoo that's a sick sounding mascot my hs's mascot was SO DUMB
Haha what was it?
we were "gold" and brown mustangs
Ew That's actually so gross
but they changed the colors as soon as my class graduated and it's not silver, black, and actual gold yeah our "gold" was like urine yellow it was so bad so our cap and gown was brown for boys and a decent looking yellow for girls last years class was black and silver and they looked sO good
HahaHAHAHA I'm laughing so hard at the cap and gown hahahaha Ours are just black haha
man yeah it was BAD
Haha that's literally the worst
but i'm glad BYU has pretty solid colors so I won't have a repeat of terrible colors for my college grad
Yeah ok I have to take some stuff out of my car but you're not boring so stay put hold on
gotcha!
Yeah isn't byu just black for cap and gowns
blueeee
Aw sick
that yung dark blue sosososos good
That's awesome I love blue
yessss what are you planning to major in?
So if you're not jade then who are you [x files song] Oh haha I'm planning on majoring in physiology and developmental biology
who KNOWS oooooo that sounds TOUGH
Haha yeah i just found out it has the highest failure rate of any byu major so I'll probably switch to public health or something
oh boy yeah what are you planning to do with it after college?
Med school
oooooo wow big dreams
Yeah what about you? What's your major?
sociology focus on criminology and law! pretty good stuff
Thats so cool have you read just mercy by bryan stevenson
i have not... what is it about?
Its about wrongful conviction and a biased court system
on yeS *oh yes
It makes me want to throw the book off a cliff its so frustrating to see peoples lives ruined
i love political commentary YEAH and it doesn't seem like it's getting better either so that sucks
Yeah it shares a lot of cases this guy fought in to change the sentence based on the mental health of his client or if the judge or jury were just straight up racist But it focuses on the wrongful conviction of walter mcmillian who had an alibi that was confirmed by a police officer at a fish cook out for his church
MAN deep stuff I'll put it on my to read list LOL i have so much time this spring to rEAD and just mess around
and the testimony that the entire case rested on was later recinded because the guy was lying the whole time and walter STILL went to prison and was on death row for 6 YEARS I did a research project on it and it s u c k s
YOOO and people like that real life get a record so there goes their entire life too
Yes I know right?? Like even after theyre exonerated they still carry the weight of what people did to them
Exactly it's toTALLY unfair
Yeah What are you planning on doing after you graduate?
well hopefully either our system gets better or like people just stop being jerks i'm looking into law enforcement basically the dream job is to work as an investigator with the FBI but we'll see if that actually happens
Thats so cool well good for you
yup! and sociology is so good for it because I learn a lot about interactions between individuals and their society
Yes absolutely

Hello!
Hey are you there

definitely not
Hi natalie I agree. You cant murder something that is not alive I am going to close out on this and keep talking to you in our other open chat unless you really want to do two separate chats.:-)

Traveling.
hey how's your sunday been so far?? yeah definitely traveling
Lol. Victoria again?
oh my gosh
Hey! Waz up!? Sorry, my phone died... and I haven't charged it yet so.... I 'm sure you've responded by now...
ahh so that's why you haven't answered my dm
Yea... probably
how's your day been?
Pretty good thanks. Yours? How was the singles ward?;)
it was pretty good haha not like i met my future husband or anything though.. we had to have relief society in the gym because there were 75 sisters there today

I got into BYU and I'm graduating hs
I am the similar haha I finished my junior year of college and let me tell yeah It was the hardest
bruh 33 chats are you
hahaha lets get those pointssss am I right?
where are you on the leaderboard
I am up and down near the top 10 you?
20ish what's the prizes again?
the grand prize is a macbook pro, then 2 ipad pros then 2 bose headphones then like 20 chocolates
awesome I might get chocolates or something
maybe me too the mint truffles are super delicious
Never had them but I'm a foodie so it's all good
hahaha what is your favorite food or couisine?
I like tacos!
me too! did you binge on tacos for Cinco de Mayo?
Nah, I'm not mexican haha
oh hahah thats ok. You don't have to be mexican to binge on tacos. I had a party with my friends and non of my friends are mexican haha
Haha it's more of a american holiday
yeah and excuse to eat tacos haha
yeeee
what kind of tacos are your favorite?
Al Pastor
mmmm I love Al Pastor with some grilled pineapples on it

Hello?
The third is a charm hahah
mozart or beethoven?
beethoven
why tho?
mozart had this weird thing with poop
what! Tell me about it this is the first time hearing this haha
There is an article on wikipedia about mozart and scatology Apparently he managed to include these things in some of his songs.
interesting if you could be in a fantasy world what world would you be in? anything. cartoons, video games, books, movies etc
Movies probably, and I would like to be like black widow
really why is that?
She is really good at what she does.
do you remember her back story its really sad
I remember, but we can skip that and just go straight to the part she is awesome.
agreed
What is your favorite character? I'll end this chat

Hi!
heya
How's your day going so far?
good, I haven't quite gotten ready yet haha. What about you?
It's going okay, I just took a calculus exam, so at least that's over with.
Oh for sure. That sounds awful. I had AP calc in high school. It was the worst
Right!? The only thing that's carrying me through is that when I was talking with some other people after, it sounds like I got the alternate version But oh my goodness that class gives me depression
After the test? You got an alternate version of the test that seemed to be better?
Yes, haha, after we all walked out I was talking with some people, but my version seemed to be way harder. But when I took the biology exam yesterday, I also got the alternate version and it was way easier, so I guess my luck balances out.:)
Oh. Sometimes I don't think it's fair that they give alternate versions. Because even though concepts of questions might be the same, you still might get a different score from one to another
Exactly! The thing that made my calculus one so difficult was that the way that the questionsinformation was presented was completely foreign to me, even though I studied But on the bright side, it's over. I'll send a strongly worded letter to college board someday and attach screenshots of this chat as proof.:)
Yeah for sure. In my high school class I still somehow made an A though. I honestly have no idea how. I guess in high school my teacher let us redo problems to get points back from what I can remember
My chemistry teacher did something like that for tests as well, which is nice because then your gradesgpa become the result of accumulating work, not just one test So what year in college are you?
Chemistry teacher in high school? Was that a tougher subject? I've finished my second year So I guess I'm a junior What about you?
I'm a senior in high school [and that chemistry class was just sophomore year, so it wasn't AP, I would die immediately in an AP chem class!]
Ah very nice. So you're still in school for a couple more weeks is that right? Or are you pretty much done at this point?
Well this is the second week of AP exams, then we have one last week of actual school before finals, so we get out on June 1. But because I'm in mostly AP courses, I get exempt from the spring finals so my classes have parties planned for the exam periods
Oh that's a nice perk. So where do you live? I guess you're in one of those areas that has school that goes until June. I think here the high schools get out like may 22 ish
I'm from Dallas, but this is the first school year in a long time that summer starts before the first week of June. My younger siblings are bitter because summer gets cut since the school year starts in the first half of august now How about you?
Oh dang. Yeah we've always had summer start in the first half of August as well. It's kinda nice now college starts a few weeks later. And if you don't do springsummer you also get out earlier But we don't get as many breaks at BYU I'm from St. George, southern utah
That's such a pretty area! Some of my cousins live around there and also in American Fork.
I wonder if I might know any of your cousins haha It definitely is. When I'm up north can't help but miss the red rocks
Maybe! I have a lot of relatives up there.
My only real complaint is it is too hot

Omnipotence would be nice
Super intelligence so i could give myself all the other powers i wanted to have Does omnipotence count as a superpower though? That seems more like a state of being
Omniscience was my next pick haha well, superpower just means anything that is above normal power kind of an open definition i mean omnipotence leads to all sorts of logical paradoxes, but the ability to gain any ability is about as close as you can come
True, have you ever read the lorian legacies?
it looks like my messages are having some difficulty sending
Yeah just a bit
i don't think i've ever heard of it. what's it about?
Its the the series that I am Number 4 is in The main character just has that power, he can gain a bunch of powers
testing testing
I got that one
Oh cool, my end just synced I'm thinking I was in an internet dead-zone
Makes sense, there are a bunch around campus
Interesting. I know very little about I am number 4, but I believe I saw a movie with that title some time ago yeah, that does seem to be the case
You should definitely read them, they are really good books
I'm sure I would really like them, but the internet has killed my attention span for books I read a lot, but it's incredibly tangential Wikipedia rabbit-holes pretty much
I love reading I dont have a lot of time though

So much better! My dog could be my most loyal best friend!
oh hahaha you are talking about the prompt
Yes, I mean, I didn't know who I was talking to lol
oh hahaha if dogs could talk I think they would become one of my best friends too are you a dog or cat person?
Definitely a dog person! What about you?
dog hands down

I would provide free health care.
What's your plan of action? I'd probably sign up!

I would binge watch just about about every tv show
After high confusion and probably a mental breakdown, since that would be wild, I would definitely drive over to Banzai Bowls and make a sick acai bowl for free
Goals
Banzai is such a good time no joke
Truth I changed my mind I would definitely just raid like cafe rio and stuff
I don't know though this would be pretty wild because there's no way you could know for sure if absolutely everyone is gone Haha good choice
That's true
You could turn on TV but nothing would be up because no one is operating it, along with radio stations So you're just kinda sitting there clueless
Ooh yeah dang that's rough
Factual
I'd probably just wallow in self despair
And raid every good food place for comfort Hit the beach for a while
Yeah it'd be lit or just really sad haha
Have a meditation surf mesh to try and keep my sanity Yeah haha I don't know how long I'd want to last because people are pretty cool I like having them around
Gather all the dogs and make a puppy fest
OHHHH There's a reason to live right there
You wouldn't have to share the dogs!! You'd have to find food for them but still
It wouldn't be too hard, just hit the local petco and get all of the dog food That would be a swell time for sure

well i think they can be compatable in a digital way yes "falling in love" is working with someone and loving the way they are so a computer would "love"work wellconnect with a computer
What? No I think that you need endorphins to love... computers are simply too logistical. I don't think working wellLove.
But it depennds how you define love
But I guess with developing tech it could be possible eventually maybe?
the definiton of words changes all the time
How do you define love?
i dont think they could recreate "love in the human definition", but you create a new kind
Interesting take.
Well it depends what im taking about, for this i defin love as a compatidility between two things, workin well together. what do you think??
Ah see I don't think compatibility is necessarily love. It's its own word. It's being compatible.
True but the word care and love are similer. affection- means feelings of fondness and love is feelings of affection.
I think the fundamental problem is that computers don't have feelings.

Hello? Anyone here?
Hey there! Just going along with the prompt, the most interesting thing I have recently learned is that your kidney apparently has a pelvis. I don't quite understand, but my roommate told me about this today. haha

Hey!
My favorite smell is...hmm cookies? oh! or maybe steak
Meat on the grill will send me running any day.
holy
I love barbecues with a burning passion
yeah that sounds great do you have any funny stories? I watched an older guy roll a riding lawn mower once. He was on a hill and he just kinda tipped over. We tried to help him but he seemed a little grouchy.
That sounds like an SNL skit haha!
Yeah like it was a little sad because he had a little trouble getting up but still, golden.
Well there was that time I sliced my hand open in the first week of high school while we were doing a mud brick project and that's why you don't listen to cute sophomores, pal
Oh yikes.
He told me to carve using scissors and we were being timed so I was stressed and cut my hands with dull safety scissors. He stuck one of the bricks under my bleeding hand and was like "blood sacrifice!" so he wasn't that cute anymore. At least everyone knew my name then!
Dang that sounds like a bad day. One time my parents moved while I was at a camp and forgot which day I was getting back. So when I got home there was nothing there. So I had to go to a neighbors house to use a phone, and it took them 5 hours to come and get me.
Wow that seems way worseironically funny! Do you ever think about your life as like a sitcom, so it's funny to all the viewers at home but not for you? Sometimes I think way too hard about the Truman Show!
So i decided to take a shower, but the power started turning on and off, so I ran out of the shower and sat on the floor in a towel for the rest of the time. it freaked me out and yes i totally do! Sometimes I do that "Jim" look from the office into space
That's the most relatable thing I've read today! I hate getting interrupted while I'm getting ready, so that shower issue sounds not fun.: [Your life would be a great Netflix original!
Well I was younger so I thought it was ghosts or something. Yeah ha my friends and I could have a series.
I would watch. 5 stars.
Alright so I got a question! What super hero would you be?
You're talking to a marvel nerd, so good question! Probably Scarlet Witch because her powers are so cool. What about you?
hmm venom is pretty sweet...but he isn't really a super hero...
Oh my gosh that trailer was dope and terrifying The way his suit just came over his face at the end and the tongue... I see you, sony.
yeah I am super excited for it! I really hope they do a good job! Have you seen the new avengers?
YES HAVE YOU AND IF SO LET'S DISCUSS please.
yeah I saw it last weekend! I thought it was great! sad but great!
Oh my goodness that was the snap heard round the universe. Everything about that was perfect and awful and great and I love my superheroes so much more for this movie.
Yeah! So why do you think that doctor strange gave up the stone? All part of the plan?
Probably because the original 6 avengers [especially Tony] will be the ones to take out Thanos for good. And in doing so they all are probably going to die because Marvel takes no prisoners when it comes to destroying my favorite characters [Loki! Heimdall! Gamora! HALF OF THEM!]
hmm probably true!
Did you read the terrible thing that one of the Russo brothers shared on twitter today [grab the tissues now]?
No I didn't. What did it say?
They said that Groot's last words to Rocket before he disintegrated were translated from "I am Groot" to mean "Dad." So now I have depression.
oh: [now that is sad!

Hopefully I could go to the moon, because my sister would have to live there since she's allergic!
I feel bad for your siser is she alergic of peanut butter, or peanuts in general?? and by the way, do you know how to change the name on this chat, for some reason my computer put my whole name in here, and I want to change it
She is actually allergic to tree nuts [hazelnuts, pecans, etc] but peanut butter can sometimes make her uncomfortable. I, on the other hand, live for nutella and bagels
well not that I care, I guess everyone here goes to BYU and there are no creeps to stock me on facebook, haha sorry I typing so many workds because I wnat to get more points
Oh no! I'm sorry, I don't know, this is only the 3rd or 4th chat I've done
haha
It's all good, I guess if I ever run into you at that point I may be able to help you out with your account.:)
oh my gosh, I feel so bad for your sister now, I would never be able to not eat pecans and other nuts, has she tried brazill nuts? what about cashews? is she alergic to that?
Yep! Basically she is officially allergic to any kind of nut that isn't a peanut [she also has environmental allergies pretty bad]
fun fact, peanuts are not from the same family of cashews, pecans and etc, peanuts are from the beans, lentils family, isnt that funny
One time we were at a family gathering and someone made some Nutella smores [we didn't know that there was nutella] so she ate like 4 She said that it was delicious and dangerous!
what is an enviromental allergie? I've never heard of that before
Environmental allergies are like seasonal allergies, where around spring and fall when all the pollen and other stuff is in the air, people get all the sniffles and teary eyes
so can she eat Nutella or not really? well, nuttella is basically 95% oil and sugar and the rest cholcolate an hazel haha
I'm from Texas, so a lot of people I know have allergies whenever it's spring. Yeah we discovered that she definitely can NOT eat nutella that day!
wow, is she pretty sick during this time, does she stays at home most of her time? wow, does she have any other kind of allergies?
No, she just has to take stuff like Zyrtec or over the counter medicine otherwise it's like she has a cold with a runny nose Not that I know of!
I used to have allergies of dust, can you believe, everytime I would be cleaning the house or vacuuming I would get pretty sick how old is your sister?
Wow being allergic to dust is a great way to get out of chores! My sister is in high school. How about you? Do you have siblings?
I do I have 2 older sisters, one is 28 and the other one is 39 so we have a big age difference

Ummmm....I don't think so, haha
Nope!

free netflix
oh yes along with that free wifi not the crappy kind either
what crappy kind is there haha
like the airport kind the sloooooooow one
oh I see so you gonna be a freshman
???
what
no sir very much on my way out of BYU
you graduating
very close to it yeah what about yourself?
I'm gonna be a freshman after my mission
oh? when do you leave?
august 28th
ahh so wait OH you already have a netID that makes sense where are you serving?
uruguay
NICE congrats!
yeah you serve
no way LOL
why haha if I can ask
idk I just never had the spark to go
that's fine did you know that everything said in this becomes an open source after this
what do you mean?
like people can see everything. so I've been saying my social media to some people so anyone can read this after the study
R I P man that's okay
yeah Ik I can always change my name
yeah! or I mean you could just get a butt ton of followers so that's cool
eh. I'm fine without that
a lil fame spencer
I don't need fame. I just need netflix and pasta
PASTA pls take care of ur health
what does that mean
pasta isn't that healthy my dude
yolo pasta is soooo good. that's what I'm eating rn haha
WELL GG to you bro what kind of pasta though

Hi! Is anyone there? So right now I'm watching a movie. What are you doing?
I'm at bahama bucks with like 14 of my ward
Nice! bahama bucks is the bomb! How was the meeting?
It's was good. I was kinda late though. I went hiking with Adam and got back a little late, but the meeting was good
Haha you guys went hiking this late and when it's this cold? where did you go hiking? Thats good though that it was a good meeting. You remember the movie August Rush? Well that's the one we are watching right now. It's actually a lot different than I remember. And the actor is the actor from the Good Doctor but as a kid. I didn't know that until now haha. So it's getting a little late. I know you are busy. But literally no one has been on here like all day. Maybe we could just chat in the morning again would you be down? I just want to keep increasing the Gap especially this weekend because I'll have less time once I have to go back to classes. So I'm worried that the other guys will catch up. Not likely, but I just want to prevent it as much as possible ya know? So this is actually really funny because the kid just randomly knows how to write music with absolutely no education haha it's totally unrealistic. All things considered though, the music is really good in the movie. Whoever wrote it was very talented. I'm literally just trying to get points right now ahaha.
Sorry I had to drive home
Yeah no worries. We wouldn't want you to text and drive. That's not good.
No that's really bad. Hey so I actually have Sunday morning conference at like 7:30, so I'm gonna go get ready for bed soon!
Yeah totally! So what time can you chat tomorrow?
Sooooooooo I dont really know, maybe in the afternoon!
Okay! We just gotta stay dedicated!
Will do man! Especially because I'm back down to.number. 3
You are? Did the other guy start chatting more? Oh wait I was chatting with someone earlier. I wonder if it was him.
Yeah, but he is only at like 700000 He is barely above me
I bet it was him.
Probably.
He isn't a threat. He told me he watches netflix till 4am
Anyway, I have to go now!
Okay sounds good! Lets do this again tomorrow!
Oh, boy, you're right, that isn't a threat! Ok!

hello
Heyo!

hello! How are you doing this night
Hi there!
Hows it going
I'm doing well, how are you? what do you study? Or who is your modern day hero? Hmm, this would be nice as an app that would give notifications.
Haha yeah, I am well I study industrial design
Ooo, how far are you in the program?
Im just getting started
That's fun. Are you a freshman then?
Yeah How about you?
I'm far along. I have a bachelors in Music and a minor in computer science.
Oh dang
Im applying to grad school in CS soon. Oh, you'll be there before you know it. [Insert smiley face]
Haha thank
So what do you think of your first year?
Its been alright, Its actually just my first semester
Whoa. Are you going home spring and summer?
yeah I need to work and save for next fall
Okay, what kind of job do you do back home?
construction, marketing, and project design
That sounds intense. What is a typical day like? On the job
Get up 6, drive to the job site, work for 8 hours, come home work on designs and marketing, fall alseep at an unreasonable hour and repeat
Wow, that sounds a lot like school. Do you like it?
Yeah, its something to do and its for my dads business
That's nice, so you see him often at work?
Yeah, its nice. I like spending time with my dad
That sounds really nice.:)
Do you have fun plans for the summer?
Hm, just school, and the GRE, and work. I'd really like to go camping in moab or yellowstone if there is time. What are some non-work related things you enjoy doing?
Oh nice, I hear those are beautiful places I like art, photography, hiking, frisbee
Yeah, Ive only been to Moab once, but it was BEAUTIFUL! What kind if art so you enjoy?
Drawing
Okay, what kind of subject material?
Usually portrait
Ah, cool. Have you been hiking [or snowshoeing] much around the area?
Sadly no, I really want to but i havent gotten off campus much And its a little hard to get away when I dont have a car or many friends with cars
Yeah, thats a bummer. One time we borrowed bikes and biked to the trail head of the Y.... but thats a lot of effort for the middle of the semester.
It sounds like it, but was it worth it?
Hm, the Y is not my favorite hike, we hiked up part of Y mountain I think. It also was during the summer so we had a lot more free time. Hmmm Yeah, for how much time we had I think it was worth the memories What's something fun you have done during the semester? The Y mountain hike extends up from the y and hikes up the mountain more. It seemed a little nicer past the y.
Okay I have heard a lot of similar opinions Um for me, I have really enjoyed dancing,. Its been a good outlet
What kind of dancing?
country swing, ballroom
I'd recommend timp [even just 1st or 2nd falls] and stuart falls before the y. Just in case you get to go sometime.:) There are so many good dancing places around here
Sweet! Thank you for the suggestions!
Well, Im super tired. Its been nice chatting with you. Happy 5ish min till the last day of classes, and have a great night! Ima head to bed. Good night!

this is the most boring question
Haha. Yeah, it is. Beethoven. He was cool since he made music while he was deaf.
hey howsit going??
It's going well. How are you?
I just went to Cafe Rio and ate some lunch haha what about you?
Oh haha. How was it. I've just been chatting with people. Haha. Not much.
hahaha thats good. How many chats do you have going?
A few. Do you have a few?
yeah I got 4
Wow. That's great. It's fun to have more than one.
yeah it is hahah
So what are your plans this week. Doing anything fun?
I just had my job interview. I told you about that right?
Yes! And you think it went well, right! Hope you get it.
yeah thanks. thats about it this week haha. I just need to wait and stress until friday
The waiting is the worst!
yeah........
What else is happening this week?
you know to be honest Im just seriously chilling other than work but work has been slow
What is work? Chilling is good.
I work on Campus doing User Experience Design work. We are currently developing a webiste for videos so that teachers can upload and create subtitles and edit them so that it bloks out unwanted content
Wow! That is really cool! I want a job like that. Sounds super interesting
yeah its really fun! i recommend it. Are you in college yet maybe I can direct you to my way if you want.
I am. I want to go into Information Systems so I'm taking the prereqs for that now.
oh I think you have told me about that a while back when we chatted
Yeah. No worries. I'd forget.
hey no worries. arent you waiting to hear back if you got in or something?
I still need to apply, but yeah I'll wait to hear back after the end of June.
oh ok good luck! I have a lot of friends in IS
Thanks!
have you taken IS 110? thats a dumb question. I mean when did you take IS110?
Haha. I took it a year ago.
hahaha did you like Burton?
Yeah, she was a character, but good. Not that I knew her really that well at all. Easy class though.
yeah it is pretty easy. Did you ever go to the TA lab?
I can't remember. Haha. I might have.
hahaha I used to TA for IS110
Really.
yep
That is great! Nice class to TA for, but huge!
yeah actually I got paid 14 bucks and hour and I got to sit in the lab and usually not many people come in at the beginning so I just watched netlflix or youtube until someon someone came in for help
Wow! That is a great pay! I didn't think TA's got paid that much. Why did you stop?
Yeah the pay is amazing. TAs in the business school gets paid bank because the business school gets a TON of funding so they pay their TAs a lot. but you know american heritag gets only paid like 9 bucks starting and they do a lot more work compared to us I stopped because I had bigger and better things as far as the job goes for me. IS110 was not helping me get experience as far as my User Exerperience Design work goes
Annoying for those TA's. Well, I should be a business TA. Right. I understand that.
yeah do it!!!!! hahaha you could be a IS 201 TA they get paid the same. IS110 is full right now and they aren't hiring for a while.
Darn. I did great in that class. But, I do have pretty good jobs with not that, but still pretty good pay.
Being a TA in IS before you apply helps you get in the program becuase you get to work with the professors
Right. I would. I'm a RA now, so I get to work with them too there. I've thought of that, but I didn't TA 201 in time.
oh ok yeah you are in a good spot then
Thanks. Let's hope. Yeah, I thought of that since if there is a face to put with the name that would be good.
yeah totally. What about Information systems interested you?
I like that I can research different things about human interaction with technology. I like how it is so broad and that I can develop, but I don't have to be hard core like CS It's a bit of business [humans] and computers. Yeah. It's fun.
yeah thats true. Well I hope you get in and do some UX stuff! I probably will see you around sometime because the IT program is leading the UX team at BYU and couple people from IS took it
I should come over and take a look. I think UX is very fascinating. They took IT?
yeah IT has a lot of UX classes that IS students can take if they are really passionate about it. We learn about design thinking methods and also we do real UX work for real c
Cool!
companies around the area for them
I'll look into that! Well, I've got to go! Talk to you later!

Hello! How are you doing?
hello? hello?? aww man the chat is bugged... I cant see any bubbles

Apparently we aren't supposed to use textism in this
Whats a textism
LOL JK
oh, the LOL and stuff ya, after I said that I was like oh ya, I know what that is Just took me a second to realize what you were talking about
Yeah, I read the guidelines real fast
Its just Because the Alexa AI will have issues saying those
I am also not allowed to use profanity Makes sense
Honestly those are just to guide you. I don't think unless you use profanity you will get kicked. but I don't know for sure You can't use profanity but you could do this @#!* haha I have no clue what that just said
that is funny so, what did you need help with?
Although, I don't think those symbols are probably a good idea for the AI either There are a few things... I need someone to talk to on this chat to help me, but theres actually a bit more What do you think of this lab?
Honestly, I think it is good for the system to at least recognize them This lab is... interesting...
Are you as confused as I am
I have been confused this whole class period
I feel like Im digging a grave that I won't be able to undig Ya, especially this past week or so.
good news is that this doesn't seem like a continuous course
Its been going over my head. This whole stack thing does make a little sense
Yeah, the goal is just to pass
But just out of curiosity does it have to do with normal stacks
Get the C and jump ship I believe so
Ya, same! PASS this class Although, I would like to pass with a great grade too if possible
Are you guys still on Part 3?
Ya, we are on part 3 still.
oh man...
Hey another question, is it against the class to use resources on the internet that can give us clues as to what to do on this lab
In what sense?
I was looking stuff up and one of my team members was like I don't think we can do that, I can't look up solutions for it, I get that but how would you? There are no easy solutions for this. There are many different assignments out there
Yeah, as long as you aren't using the direct assignment, then I think you are good
I feel like what we have done in the past when we were working on our labs
If you are using a site that answers a question about the how instead of the what I think you are fine
Ya, if I were to go out and look for my exactly project and find the exact answers thats bad. But ones that teach you how to find and solve the solutions thats ok right? They havent given us any solutions, they have only told us how to reach them Like pointing us in the direction of finding "rdi" and stuff like that
I don't know, I would have to see it Normally, the big question for me is if I am learning
Ok, thats what I had thought too. I don't feel bad using it either, mainly because if you don't understand the concepts you still wouldn't be able to reach the solutions. Because it doesn't actually give you any Its all good
How much time have you all spent so far?
Its just something, I was like, ok, we don't have to use, but we aren't going to get this lab done then, cause Im lost. Like lost, lost, and that was the only way I was seeing the light
Side note: there was like a dark cloud that was cast over the room when I came in to talk to you
We spent a few hours on it today, and saw almost zero progress
I felt bad
The TA's were also really confused. They weren't even sure why it wasn't working
The TAs are a great... the best...
Dont feel bad, it was just all looking up from hours of staring at a monitor we have all been in that moment. We are all like cats hissing at the enemy. We were just screaming, hissssss, what do we do? inside our heads Ya, absolutely the best. We waited an hour and a half for the TA's because they were in a meeting
I wonder if that one told Dr. Jones about the exam
This class, I feel is so disorganized. What do you think about the switching around of the quizes What do you mean?
About how mine wasn't graded yet
told him about the exam? Oh, probably. I guarantee that was him A quite round and stout kind of guy. I almost felt like he was on Alice in wonderland if I were to tip him over I would pour him out But whatever
Yeah, I don't know how to handle the TAs
The TA that was big and round, literally came in and talked to us for like 2 minutes then came to the conclusion: Wait for it... to GDB it thats it we spent the next hour GDBing it and nothing even came of it Then the next TA came in and was like, you shouldn't be GDBing, theres no point you have it practically right. Theres just one thing missing, then said figure it out We are seriously ticked These TA's Im not even sure took the class. If they did they would have been able to at least explain some concepts and run through the process of getting to the steps. to the solution Anyway... Lets talk about a lighter subject This isn't something that I necessarily need answered, but lets just say if you were to jump out of a plane without a parachute or anything, [besides clothes] what is one thing you would have like to have done the day before? Its pretty deep...
LOL I would probably want to have spent the time with my family? maybe? I am watching the video from Carnigie Mellon describing this lab right now
Oh, thats probably a great I bet this iPad on the fact that it explains it way better than anything that we have heard here haha Thats to say, I even get it The odds are getting more and more slim, the guy seems to be having a texting sprint like me. But whatever, its ok, Ill just keep doing as long as he does Where did you find the carnage Mellon video. is it just on Youtube Oh, I think I just saw the video link come through on discord
Yeah, It is interesting It seems to have some helpful clues
Like what? Lets figure this filthy lab out? Did your group start part 3 or just finish 1 and 2 Our group is kind of stupid in the fact that it seemed like the first time we met none of us seemed to have read the pdf. Chris wasn't there and that was kind of a bad think thing
We are on phase three Is Chris the work horse still?
It seemed like now for that reason, the group has a hard time with Chris. Its almost like they think he abondoned them
Yeah, that guy does seem to be pushing for the iPad too
Not really in this group, he has been focusing a lot more on his other classes Ya, he has a significant lead, but I am hoping to type and type until I take it, because I don't have anything tomorrow stopping me from typing all through the night and into midnight tomorrow I only have one class and I think I can type through it As long as there is just someone to talk to. That is honestly my only worry I got to figure out more plans to keep the typing going on forever! And by forever I mean until midnight tomorrow night and then never type again
LOL Man, you really want that iPad I wonder how much of that has to do with the interaction with someone else I really want to know what the equation is for their points
Ya, I really do!
Man, this explanation video is gold This is what we need in the class
Im not really sure, I actually think that most of the points come from just typing words. But when you have more unique conversations it increases slightly You know Im going to be watching that video Sounds like it will help us a ton to success
Yeah, I can see interaction being key to this contest
I really think most of it has to do with the interaction, word count, and the amount of it being interesting Although, I don't know how they just the last one
Interestings
Do you think that they have some kind of intense algorithm that changes. Its almost like they have created an AI for this chat
I don't know
They are just AI creation machines. First a smarter Alexa and now a smarter grading system
I am sure that it is analyzing patterns and figuring out how to replicate those patterns
Hey, just another opinion... google home or amazon alexa Ya, I think so too, its just crazy that it is able to do that. I can barely even comprehend that yet CS 142 and 235 have touched nothing on that except for maybe the organization of the chats
I have an Echo I like it I would recommend it
And even at that how does it know how to group things in the best way possible. I wouldn't even know how to group a series of messages
My understanding of AI is based off of recurision and pattern analysis
Ive thought about trying a smart home hub Ya, it definitely has to do with recursion, or some kind of looping pattern, I just don't know how it looks at our conversation and is like, this is what these guys are talkin talking about I barely can do that myself If they create it to be able to do that, it will know more about our conversations than even we do
One day I will do a smart home hub using and arduino
Kind of a scary situation. I really want to create a smart home hub using either an Arduino or a raspberry pi
Yeah
I havent decided which one to use though yet Do you know the difference between the two
Arduino is better for stuff like that
I have heard so many things about them being differe
Raspberry pi is great for processing simple information but appliances go with Arduino
different- dang I hate how this computer that Im using has spell check stuff. I just want to type haha Ya, isn't an Arduino mainly for turning things off and on, its not really a cpu for much But it sounds like if you were to create a raspberry pi to hook up with your phone and Alexa you would then be able to get ardiunos to turn other things on and off. For some reason I am just thinking having a ton of switches and things going on could really put a burden on the arduino But Im not really even sure how the Arduino works. Does it have physical switches or does it do things with some kind of processor?
Yeah, the actual hub could be done with a Raspberry Pi But the interactions with your appliances would be best done on an Arduino
Ya, I think you would want some kind of bluetooth and wifi connectivity, does the Arduino do that? Oh, that makes sense so you would stick the Arduino between the raspberry pi and the appliance you are controlling so if you wanted to control the lights using you phone you would transfer information from you to the phone to the internet to the raspberry pi to the Arduino and then it woul would switch it on or off and transfer it backwards. Is that the correct path of having something set up like that?
I think the Arduino has Wi-Fi capabilities
really? I didn't know that! You could skip the raspberry pi then You wouldn't even need something like that to be able to complete it
Depending on how indepth you wanted it
Does the Arduino have a CPU or is run some other way? Hey, also besides the point of the smart home tech, but still very important, what do you think about having a t-shirt for your youtube channel I was just thinking about it and I was like that would be pretty cool and nerdy all in the same breath if you had your logo printed on a shirt
Depends on the following
You wouldn't even have to do it for the first few videos as you are getting started. It would only happen later
Yes the Arduino has a CPU on it I am planning on having multiple costumes for the different characters
Oh cool, so you can still do some pretty neat stuff with it, I was picturing more of just a glorified switch for applianes
I need to come up with their names still and I have an interesting little word play idea that might work for most of them
Oh, ya, I almost forgot that you were going to be switching personalities throughout the videos Are you going to be switching them mid-video?
Basically it is going to be a simulated conversation with me and these personalities
Just another thought, what if you were to wear a shirt with the personality of your face on that shirt Oh, gotcha, so it will be like an intense monologue
LOL, my face on a shirt that scares me
Video editing you could actually change your entire clothes on each character Other people might too, but I think It would be hilarious
I will start out with simple costumes at first and get more complex depending on how successful it is
Ok, that works. If you have any questions on things you are wondering if you can do video editing wise fire away. I feel pretty proficient at those video editing programs and We can make it look like whatever you want Hey, have you gotten dinner yet? Im trying to figure out what to go eat Im thinking about going home and cooking the other half of a steak that I have
LOL, you haven't eaten that yet?
It was huge and I wasn't going to each a full pound or more steak, so I cut it in half so that I could have some later.
I just ate, I am at home right now Otherwise I would be down
Haha, no, I have only had breakfast today. Its just the fact that Ive been doing schooling stuff all day today, there is never a time to slow down and even think
Yeah, I am testing my video equipment this weekend to see what all I need to do
Its ironic because its the school that is preventing me from thinking That works, what kind of things do you have Do you have an SLR
I have a camcorder that I bought a couple of years ago It has a flip screen I have a tripod
I know that they aren't really for video, but I think there are a tons of things you can do with them that allow more control sometimes
I need to buy a mic Good to know
Oh, that works. If you need you can rent mics for a short time from BYU And cameras
Really? Where?
They have video cameras and slrs They are in the media center.
At the Library
Just a second and I will pull up a website ya I think this is it: oh crap you can't send them over this chat. I officially hate this chat now. Haha
I just pulled it up, I think, it is a branch of the Library site
I will send it to you on the discord
Yeah, that is why I send them to you via Discord
oh, if you got it then that works too Oh, that makes sense. It just seems weird that I can't even copy and paste things on here You'd think that it was just a text box that you could paste things into, but it is way more smart than that. Its probably to prevent just copying and pasting messages in. And to make it sound more like human interaction
could be
There are a ton of things that you can rent. If you want a super cool slow motion or underwater video I think they have fairly new Gopros if not id lend mine to you. Sometimes those videos turn out pretty cool, or using just a normal camera is good enough Just depends if you are going to try any cool camera work Did you plan on just standing in front of the camera or what is your approach going to be Because I think that is something that those other guys are missing that are on Youtube. They are just saying random stuff in front of a camera
Yeah it is going to just be me infront of the camera But, it is going to have transitions
Try mixing it up with two or three camera angles that you record all of them, then switch between them during editing to give a little more eye appeal
I will send you a link that kind of shows it
Ok sounds good.
Oh, this might have cuss words in it...
This is just me, but if you could rent another camera or two you could use the three footages to create one seamlessly cool and interesting video
That would be a future idea I like it
Thats ok, I have a moderating brain. It usually just blocks those things out
but I just want to get the ball rolling first
Ya, you don't necessarily have to do it at the beginning
I am afraid that I am going to over complicate it sometimes
I think as soon as start things will become more and more smooth. The first video is going to be rough though, unless you have done something similar before. I did youtube videos for a while and I still feel like they are all garbo It just seems like what I want to say doesn't come out the way I want it to Although, my topic was completely different. Yours is going to have the spirit, so it will be different than my 3D animation tutorials
LOL
Have you ever made videos for Youtube?
I hope it has the Spirit Not really
Another trick is getting noticed
It has been part of the learning process I have a couple of ideas for that
Its really cool if you make good videos but if no-one knows it, its worth nothing I still havent really mastered it
My plan is to use collaboration and Reddit P
I do have a semi-good user base, but even if I get 10-20 thousand views a month thats not going to do the magic that I need to get the word out to everyone
I feel like Reddit is an untapped resource
What is collaboration? Ive never heard of that app or program
Getting other youtubers on the channel, and getting on other YouTuber's channels that kind of collaboration
Also, this might be a large push, but after you have a few videos, is there a way to get into the ensign or some kind of news? Oh, I see, ya those are great! Also subscribers are super important!
I just sent you a vid, watch it with the sound off P
This is something that I completely missed over while creating videos
Oh, I have an idea with subscribers
Thats the main resource of return visits
Basically, I need to create something simple to give them
Thats good, youre going to want to make sure you retain them
Basically, subscribe and get this free x
Oh, that works the only worry is that you will be giving a lot of stuff away. Do you have an endorsement?
I am going to go with something like "Top 10 Talks to Listen to"
Oh, that works. Like a pdf or email of something. That is a really good idea
No, it is going to be something simple and free to begin with and then I might expand it later on Exactly I don't know YouTube, but I know Social Media
Thats actually a really good idea, I should implement digital giveaways
This is not the first brand that I have worked on
Oh, thats good. Thats just the only thing that I have regrets on my channel is the fact of advertisement. Ive never been able to ace the social media channels
Did you watch that video example? I just finished gaining control of the multiple social media sites I need
but If you can do it that would be great!
I am sad because I am going to have to reinstall Instagram on my phone I hate Instagram... But it is necessary... Instagram and Twitter...
Is it the same person
Yeah, all the same person with filters I will use costumes because I think that would be easier
That would be pretty cool. Are you going to do the thing to your face too?
plus, I don't want to do this on my phone
Ya, costumes would be easier ya it is funny, but for more of a professional stance I think it would seem less pro
I will probably start around a table like a discussion and develop it from there
Wow... I have a great nickname for you! Book of Mormon Pro!
LOL
Thats what Im going to call you now!
Did I tell you the brand name yet?
That would be cool. no you didn't I don't think
Critical Convert
maybe you did, maybe I can't remember though Oh, ya, I remember now!
Book of Mormon Pro would be interesting though
Critical convert has a pretty good ring too ring to it
Like the Tattooed Mormon P
I like that too although its already taken:) you should be the critical mormon I think it has a great ring to it Im going mobile so if my responses are a little slower its because Im on my phone. I have to go catch the bus I finally caught it today. I saved a gallon or two of gas. haha Especially at 12 miles per gallon
LOL I originally was going to call i the Critical Mormon When this was an idea about a blog a year ago But the recent announcement has changed that Side note, did you watch the video with sound? I really like watching Help Helen Smash But it is very very irreverant
I didn't watch it with sound. I thought you said to turn the sound off
I did But Amanda makes me laugh so much She is the creepy little girl
That's true. Not sure what you want to do about the whole name change but I think you are ok.
It has a lot of Girl Humor to it I think I am safe with Critical Convert
I think it would be worse if you were critical christ
the more I thought about it, it just fits
That just sounds bad
LOL, that would be a downfall name right there
Yup that's apostasy in the works. Haha Then you might as well say Mormons don't believe In God either haha And we are satanic masons. That is a must for you first video. Haha Ok maybe we are getting a little dark with some of those. Haha. I will say though I think it would be really cool to hear conversion stories on it. You could even have quests come I know it's more of a doctrinal thing but if you had someone that was from nasa or something come give a little testimony or something about religion and science that would be Sweet It even would somewhat fit the theme of critical convert
So I have some "future" ideas if this takes off like interviewing people of different faiths
Just a thought though
hearing their point of view Basically understanding others Overall, my quest is to get people to think more critically *specifically leaders of other faiths
Ya. I say totally do it. A testimony of Christ is a testimony of Christ and it would be good for Mormons aka Latter Day Saints to hear that I think inside the church we also need to think more critically we think as LDS members we are just auto saved Almost as if it was just given to us without anything on our part. Well, I guess the grace is but you get what I mean The whole blind faith thing is a real problem for some. Or sometimes critical moments in people's lives test their faith and can shake it, but we need to be thinking about a Lot of things that Christ has revealed will be happening where a lot just think it's not happening anytime soon
And there is the big key, too many people are just like "okay" when it comes to a lot of things and then the test of their faith comes and they are like "I didn't know it was going to be like that"
Also if things aren't making a lot of sense, they make sense in my head, it's just trying to get it into english Yup and it comes when we least want it to too You should get the Bonner family. They are my favorite! Have you heard about them?
Bonner family?
Check them out on YouTube! They are the dopest black family you will ever meet. Potentially in the future could put you in contact with them It's a black family that have the coolest conversion story I have ever heard!
That is good to know, I will add them to my list
And they're black so it allows you to broaden your target market a little. Being lds your target market seems to be only white people from America
I am slowly compiling a long list
But this will expand that a little. Haha
I just sent you one of my costume props on Discord I have wanted one for a long time and now I have a justified reason for getting it BRB
Ok. I'll check it out in just a second. Also one of the Bonner boys is the vocal coach for big name artists. When I say big I mean the big names that are all over the pop World Ok sounds good. Oh man that beard is majestical. You should totally do it. That thing will woo.. over the entire nation. You will be the knight convert. Coming in in just the nick of time. I even have a catch phrase for you. Haha
LOL What is the catch phrase
youll be the knight convert. So your catch phrase will be coming in like a thief in the night! haha. The scriptural reference! Nah, probably not, but do you have some kind of catch phrase I just realized that it super fun to talk about your religion project, but I am having a hard time with mine. When do we have to have that certain amount of hours done on our project by? its like november 6th right?
Something like that I have had a long time to think about mine Most people have had only a week to conceptualize an idea Right when I heard about this project, I knew exactly what I was going to do The evolution of it has been fun though And it has come through talking to people like you P
Ya, thats true. I do know what im going to do though, and Im actually looking forward to it, its just one of those things thats not a lot of fun to talk about.
Yeah, I am debating on submitting something to the Religious Symposium though
Its just the fact that I have to research and do things but its not that fun to talk about.
Scripting isn't fun, if it is any consolation P
You should totally do it. You might even win a big prize.
I know that I have a certain way with words that people appreciate I am a decent writer And the money could help this project
Thats true. I really like computer science its just one of those things that you know, that no matter how advanced the other person is that you are talking to, hes not going to follow you Oh, I thought for some reason scripting in a computer language. Haha
Side note, you are only 1.5 mil points away from the big prize
Thats true. The money could really help to get things done quicker
Oh, that clarifies whaty ou were talking about with Computer Science
I know the gap is getting narrower
From what I have heard, very few people actually enter it
I think when we started, I was near 2 million so, this has totally helped a ton
Sweet
ya, but lets be real, noone really likes to hear anything about computer science, not even computer scientists.
Overall, I want to enter the Symposium, my time is just stretched thin I like hearing about computer science P but I am a bit off when it comes to stuff like that... I love these classes
Its like when dr. Jones is talking and that one stupid kid that things hes all that and a bag of chip raises his hand and spouts out something he doesnt even understand.
I just hate that they are dumping it on us And then there are the... special... students
No, I think its cool when people are teaching Computer Science, but when they are just being stupid to sound smart I think those are the most ridiculous things ive ever hear heard
The one-up attitude
I hate them!
Yep
And its still even hard to follow when people are talking like this: "That pointer points to the top of the stack that is integrated within the cpu beneath the register, oh, and did I tell you that none of that even exists, its all just binary and hexcode that I understand that you dont" haha
Yeah, I just try to take it one step at a time the hard thing is that some students came into this at a drastically different level than other students They use that for their averages and it throws everything out of whack
Yup thats what you have to do. milk before meat. sometimes though their like meat meat meat, it tastes so good if you just shove it down your throat you will like it! and then we are like, but I have a hard time with the milk still
Meat does taste pretty good And milk is just weird P
It does in fact im eating my steak right now I do like milk, just mainly on my cereal Its pretty good that way! I absolutely love milk on my cereal, especially when it goes brown and turns into chocolate milk. And when there are marshallows that melt into it over time
Cereal Marshmallows are awesome And cereal milk is awesome It is all awesome I really want to play Hallow Knight now...
They are way better than normal marshmallows its just the fact that they are all crunchy and dehydrated Is hallow knight that one game that you were showing me the other day that comes on your games of the month If you want I can let you go to play it. Itll be ok.
Yeah Oh, I can't start playing that I will get sucked in And I can't afford to get sucked in But man, 12 bucks for 3 great games, more to be revealed tomorrow I am pumped
Oh, thats not good. It will turn into me and this ipad thing Staying up until unruly hours
LOL
Its heathenous
I almost have enough points for the raffle P
Theres three more coming out? Woohoo! you might get put into the macbook pro drawing. That would be pretty sweet!
I doubt I would win
You may not want it but you could always sell it!
plus, I don't know what I would do with a MacBook Pro I would probably give it to my wife
I dont know if you are put in for it you have just as much chance as anyone else
I skimmed it and it said something about 500,000 points and 1.5 million points
Ya, macbook pros are for the wives. Its kinda sad though that they are just so expensive That high price is the only thing keeping them afloat
I mean, they are great quality I just need the most for my dollar
Ya, so I think it was changed or something. I dont know. The first time I looked at it, it just said for the first 300,000 points was all. But now if you look at it there is a possibility to get it twice Ya, they are just really expensive for what you get
I think it is a smart incentive system that they created though
I really like the alluminum feel that they have though. They do feel premium
It gets people like you chatting P
Ya, it is An ipad to the top person and a chance to win a macbook pro too its like a double wammy! I like the materials that apple uses on their products, they just feel expensive, but the down side is the price and what you get out of it I wouldnt be able to play any kind of pc game without getting some kind of graphics issue on one.
My tablet is starting to be slow... I would build my own PC if I were you It is less expensive than you think it is
I guess though it is a macbook pro though, so it is the more premium one Oh, I totally am. I already have plans for next spring All I need to get is a the next gen ryzen pc and a motherboard, and Ill have a dream pc that I can keep updated for a few years. Ill stick 16- 32 gigabytes of ram in the and whew girl she'll be a purrin
Sweet That is a project that I will do when I finally get a job P My wife just bought a Nativity Scene for our kid It is Fischer Price... This kid He is so spoiled...
Haha. Thats pretty funny! has he played with it yet?
He was playing with it when I came in I laughed He threw Jesus Poor, sweet, baby Jesus
haha! I didnt know that fischer price would make something religious Oh, sweet baby jesus
If it will make them money...
Thats a fair point. Its just one of the those sensitive topics that I feel like business really try to not touch if at all possible
Yeah, I am sure someone made a fuss about it
That Jesus just flew though! Who said jesus doesnt have wings Ya, they always do!
Or three sets of wings
Its just a crazy place we live in
well... I am now worried the guy who was working on the lab went silent He is playing League of Legends...
what do you mean that he went silent, silent from your chats or just silent?
From the chats
He has given up on the lab! Is he the one that is under par or is he one of the other cool guys
I would never allow it to be given to the under par guy
I feel pretty good about my group, its just the fact that there are five of us and we still cant figure out the labs, and its hard to meet together now!
He is one of the cool ones
Haha
but I get the suspicion that he is super lazy
Is he the one that I talked to about atom
which is why he is in this class for the second time No, the other one the one that showed up late
Oh, that makes a ton of sense. I feel like that happens with all the people that take it a second time. I know thats not true though not all the time
I am certain he knows how to do this lab, which is why he is the point guy I was just hoping he would put in the work for it
but I think that often people have to retake classes because of some form of laziness Do you think he actually knows how to do it, or do you think he just says he does After all this is the second time he has taken the class, and that might have been the reason why he had to take it again. He just doesnt see it that way. I dont know though. He might actually know the entire lab, but that makes me a little suspicious just because of the fact that if he did know how to do it, it probably would be done soon, At least you would think Does he seem pretty lazy? The other guy seems pretty sharp, at least by the way he always appears if nothing else hes always in his uniform and he is always looking at the top of his game! He is ready to blast through a mountain if needed
I think the guy hit a wall at some point and he said that it was during the next lab I think he knows how to do it, he did the first two phases really fast
Oh, shoot...
The military guy seems legit
Thats ok, I know you think you havent contributed much in the labs, but honestly I think you're smarter than you give yourself credit. I honestly think you alone could figure these labs out The military guy is legit just after talking with him, he seems to have a pretty good grasp on the class and what is going on
I probably could, it is just a worry that I am behind the curve I did figure out that one part of the test
I did get a sense from him though that he is the kind of guy that doesnt really like to ask questions. Thats the only thing that I could see stopping him from acing this class
but that is when I had a little time
He seems to know it all like the back of his hand
Yeah, he is interesting He is a good guy
ya, that double bang thing helped me out too! and you practically solved the node thing on the last section of the last lab
yep LOL, I am pretty sure you are exaggerating I throw out what I knew
That is honestly the hardest part of that entire lab I get the nodes and how we got to that point, but what really are nodes? I think thats what I liked about our group
An object That links other objects
none of us knew what we were doing, but we werent afraid to try
Yeah I like trial and error The bomb lab made that hard
In our group its almost like we have to solve it on paper to be able to solve it on the computer, when Im like I just happened to figure this out because I actually typed something So is it just another fancy pointer or something?
It looks a little bit like that
Where do the nodes come from? Does the computer just use some kind of memory allocation or is it written by the software engineer
basically using the cookie to overflow the stack
is the entire stack a node?
It is reading the areas based of of your return value Kind of The stack is just like a deck put a card on top
If you were to point out what the node is in our lab right now what would it be oh, now I get it
you can't get to the second card without removing the top card
that is pretty much what weve been talking about this entire past couple of weeks! hha
Which part?
i just didnt realize that those stack and stuff was a node
Yeah
and thats why you are trying to do return values and stuff Thats all happening within the node
Yep yep alright man, I have to call it a night you have a good one D
So... another thing I dont get is how we know all the things that we know about the buffer
Going through the stack
Oh, gotcha! You have a great night!
You too man talk to you later
Thanks! Talk to you later

Hey
Hi! How are you? I'd type more, but it appears you've gone away. I'll abandon this course.

I like Jarvis from Iron Man the best
yeah hes pretty sweet. i really enjoy when they have calming voices like that one im trying to think of some others. my siri on my phone is a male with an Australasian accent and i adore him
XD lol, that's great can you change the accent?
yes just go to your settings if you have an iphone i think its general and then siri it takes a minute to download but its honestly the best thing ever
that's great. I don't have an iphone though, I just wondering if it could be changed to something else, such as a British accent
on an iphone yes. but i dont know abuot androids. you could look it up and see though i bet theres a way to download one off the internet
That'd be great! XD considering I love british accents
me too. so sexy.
Haha ikr! Whenever people ask me something interesting about myself, I joke and say that I'm married and sealed to all of my fav Brits
hahahahaha your cute, are you from utah?
aw thanks:3 no, I'm a Californian girl
thats so nice, i am so jealous of you. what part of california are you from
Well, I move around a lot, but I say I'm from Sac
nice. do you like it there? is it close to the ocean at all?
Yeah I like it. And no, the ocean is like 3 hours away
woah, i understand why you stay inside all day then. i bet it gets pretty hot there
Yeah it does. And as a person that generally loves the cold and snow and rain, it kind of sucks withstanding the california heat and sun
you are going to love it in utah get over here already
Haha alright! *jumps through the screen* I'm here
i like you. i wish teleportation was a real thing. id trade you places to be honest
Ah nice lol I would trade places to, and you're awesome *too
thanks, so what else do you like to do beside watch anime tristen?
ooo brb i gotta eat lunch
yum, c u soon
I am back
welcome! how was lunch?
Delicious, thanks for asking As for your question, I like to do anything from reading to writing poetry and stories to playing video games to studying to listening to music What about you? What do you like to do?
i like art and creating things with my hands, hiking with my dog this time of year is really nice to. But im pretty busy working on a sustainability design project that ive been wanting to do for a really long time now
Ah that's awesome. I used to love hiking with my uncle and dog, but he's on his mission now and last time we did his dog ran me down hill I had to choose between faceplanting gravel and rocks or catching myself on the bob wire fence. I picked the fence. Now I have a nice little scar on my hand as a memory of our time together XD
ouch thats rough
yeah lol what kind of art do you like? All art or do you have a soft spot for sketching or painting or...?
im way into watercolor and ink but i rarely get to do that now, i do a lot of art for my major though we draw products and render them on the computer so im pretty into making things look realistic
nice! that's awesome what are you majoring in?
industrial design with a minor in business
Wow, that's so cool!
yeah im pretty passionate about it actually. it took a lot of work to get into the major but im pretty satisfied with my results
I'm proud! When I get to BYU, I am going to major in Neuroscience
no way? what got you interested in that?
I want to be a doctor, a trauma surgeon to be exact. Plus I am really passionate about science, medicine, and the human brain simply intrigues me
wow you are so awesome! theres a internship to design medical tools for surgeons that my friend is at this year. its really cool! im mad impresse way to be tristen! i have a friend studying nueroscience where i work at the science and maps helps desk on the second floor of the library if you ever want to come down and talk to him id be glad to introduce you guys
aw thanks! That'd be great. Once I get down there in the Fall I'd have to find you lol I'll just scream at the top of my lungs to find you. Instead of Marco Polo it can be NAruto and you reply with Baruto or something XD
ill still be there! we 3d print stuff and have the think tank with all the skeletons and the vr headset, shouldnt be too hard to find! loll just ask for the girl industrial me designer and youll find kay but no for real we have to have to do that im not kidding that would be so stinking funny
IKR NARUTO!
BORRRRRUUUUUTTTTOOOOOO!
XD perfect If u ever need to find me
BABY ILL CALL OUT YOUR NAME
XD
hehehe im dying right now my friends think im weird
hallo frens!
they want to know what we are talking about
tell them we are talking about how you are going to help me with my extreme addiction to chocolate and because I'm too embarrassed to seek help you are serving as my therapist XD
ahhhh you dont need help with that. ps. i also have the same problem so i wont be of any help to you there. id probably exacerbate the problem lol i will be your therapist and convince you there is absolutely nothing to be embarrassed about there lol
nice! I feel less guilty that I ate 15 hershey's kisses the other day XD
someetimes i eat the whole bag....... and i dont ever feel bad about it
oh wow lol
cause sometimes a girl just needs an entire bag of hersheys kisses... and there aint no shame in that
what's your fav chocolate and preach girl preach
okay you might not like this but im a 90% dark chocolate kind of girl it gets me through the periods that or white chocolate hey ill brb time for me to eat lunch 3
nice! I'm the same way in the sense that I also love dark chocolate. But I love all chocolate equally, I don't discriminate alright, enjoy your lunch!
hey thanks, im back but i just realized i have to go home for dinner tomorrow after church for my brothers birthday so i need to get cracking on my homework lol. ill probably catch you next time i get on here and well pick back up on our chocolate convo

If i had to give a TED talk, it would probably be about how the best way to help people is to not really help them at all, and to just be there for them I'm really interested in identifying the most effective ways to help friendsfamilyothers cope with anxiety and depression, and I've found that a lot of people will coddle
holy cow I really like that alot why are you into that stuff?
In my school, we've had a few kids commit suicide, and they all have similar stories Their friends and families didn't understand them and just tried to "fix'them instead of letting them be
oh wow. I did too in my highschool!
It's always really sad, but I think that after tragedies like that it's important to track patterns of behavior Idk, I was just super affected by it, and I wanted to help somehow, so I started reading about treatment of both psychological and personality disorders Most of what I've read has suggested to allow people to come to you naturally, and that sometimes listening is more powerful than giving advice
ahhhh that is a great advice
Thanks!
you know I have an embarrassing thing
Yeah?
I used to be so unsympathetic towards people with mental illnesses because I grew up in a really harsh environment and I thought to myself that you just need to toughen up well when I got to my mission elder holland talked about depresseion and how its a real thing and how the atonement is the best antidote for that after that talk I prayed to have more sympathy for people with mental illnesses and the prayer was answered. I mean I still am still tough but I have a better understanding now
That's totally understandable! I come from a family that views mental illness as weakness. When all that stuff happened at my school I had to pray for understanding I'm glad our prayers were answered What would your TED talk be about?
well I think I would give a ted talk about how we need to express positive emotions verbally and outwardly for ourselves when we have hard situations because it really helps when you outwardly express something it changes the inside
I totally get that I was just talking to someone today about self-fulfilling prophesies and how saying something enough can make great things happen
i totally believe that! I think that we need to really focus on those thing and maybe one day I can really give a TED talk about that
That's awesome!
I think verbally speaking is an act of action and if we keep telling and saying it it will actually lead to the desired action that will drive positive change with us
I love watching those. I always feel so inspired when I do. I can spend a whole afternoon watching conference talk and TED talks
do you like to listen to podcasts?
Sometimes. They have to be really interesting for me to listen because typically I like seeing the speaker
I see
but if they're super good, I'll listen while working out
well let me interest you in a favorite channel of mine. Its Ted Radio Hour from NPR. They take a topic and bring in different TED talks and the original speakers to talk about that topic and it is fun and interesting to listen to because it is condensed and the speakers are all different and they have different point of views
I love NPR and I love TED so I'm 100% going to listen in! Thanks!
please please please you wont regret it
I'm excited
what else are you passionate about? you seem like a very interesting person!
I listen to a podcast called Change Agent with Charles Duhigg [he's this awesome author] and he takes people's issue and connects it to completely irrelevant issues and the issues solve the problem very confusing, but very good I like to cook. Like, a LOT. I also knit, sing, craft and write literally everything. I'm really passionate about understanding people and being able to relate to others I love being able to help other people. That's one of the main reasons my bookshelf is covered in self-help books... so I can help others LOL What interests you?
I love to cook too! When I was growing up I watch my mom in the kitchen all the time and talked with her but I never really got to cook because I loved my moms cooking. well when I got to my mission I decided to cook in the kitchen for lunch and dinner and the memories of my mom cooking and what she did stayed with me and I practiced and practiced and got really good and I love to cook now!
That's awesome! A fun thing I did was I made a list of my favorite foods to order in, and I learned how to cook all of them at home. I can make Chinese takeout now! What are your favorite things to make?
chinese take out!! nice! well I am korean and I grew up eating korean food so that is what I am best at but I love to make anythhing that I feel like making and its so fun to make food for others. THat is my favorite part
Totally agree! Cooking isn't the same if no one else tries it!
Yeah! I love it when they enjoy my cooking and seeing them getting fed bring joy to me its weird hahaha I think what it is is that I am serving them
Yes, it's so rewarding I love making the platesplatters look really nice. I like garnishing every dish with a little herb like mint or parsley
oooh yes
My favorite time to cook is when it rains. I love cutting up veggies when it's completely pouring outside. I don't know why it's so soothing
woah I have never experienced that
it's the best
It needs to rain super hard in Provo so I can cut some peppers what is your favorite vegetable to cut?
I like carrots because they're a challenge for me It's so difficult but so rewarding to cut up a carrot
in what way? diced or juliienne or what?
I like to julienne my carrots because they are easy to put in a bag and eat while I'm out they look like little pretzel sticks and they're so cute that way!
hahah thats awesome I love to cut onions because its really satisfying to cut them and the sound and the ring shapes are really fun. and i "cry" because its so much joy;)
My eyes will never get used to onions. I've tried nearly everything It's so bad. I have to leave the room after a while
hahaha keep the window open or have like some air flow it helps
Yes. Always. Even when it's pouring i just like to cut all of my onions at once. I'll cut 2 days worth of onions so that I don't have to suffer through it every day
ooh that a great Idea!
Saves time too!
you know what i got in to lately? I got in to meal preps. I love on sundays to make a meal for the week so I don't have to worry about cooking food during my hectic school wee week
I've always been interested in that concept. it's definitely more convenient, but every time I've tried to meal prep, I end up missing cooking every day
I feel you.
It's like cooking is a ritual for me. It gets me relaxed to put on my music and my apron and to just focus on creating a meal
that is nice. I bet your roomates love you hahaha
Yeah, I'm definitely a more organized type
how long have you been at BYU?

Infinity War. Still crying.
I haven't seen it yet Apparently ppl die...
Hey, you'll get no spoilers from me. If you have to leave the chat to go see the movie, I won't be offended.
It's that good?
You're talking to huge marvel fan right now, so I'm definitely 1 million percent biased, but it is amazing! I went the saturday on opening weekend, so for the one day I blocked myself from the internet because I needed to protect myself from spoilers.
Smart. I tied going 2 years without seeing the new Star Wars movies, waiting for my brother to get back from his Mission, but everyone was talking about Hans Solo... Spoiler
Buddy your level of dedication to your brother and Star Wars is impressive. I love Star Wars too. I can't wait for Solo!
But it's just not the same without Harrison Ford
Yeah... he is a phenomenal actor
He used to do his own stunts in Indiana Jones
I heard that he used a staple gun to attach the hat to his head and I 100% believe he'd do that.
Oh my gosh!
Fun fact when I first watched all the movies my Dad told me that Crystal Skull was a cheap remake so I never watched it and I'm glad he protected me from that movie. Other than that, I'll watch Indy any day.
Yeah, Crystal Skull was awful I saw it in a drive in theater with my mom, and it was a huge disappointment
I'm sorry that you had to deal with that. Here are some virtual tissues and a copy of "The Force Awakens" to comfort you, just in case.:)
XD I think the worst part is that we own the DVD
Ceremonially destroy it if that'll make you feel better. I'll support you.
But that's not as bad as owning [I'm shamed to admit this] the lighting thief movie, Eragon movie, and Avatars the last Airbender movie. All three accidental We rented them from Redbox but forgot to turn them in
I guess your punishment for never returning those movies is that they are THOSE movies... Get a trip to Hawaii so you can throw them in a volcano lord of the rings style since that poor island is on fire right now.
Really!?!
Yeah apparently a volcano erupted! Scary stuff.
Yeah, I don't keep up with the news. That awful :(
Just one more thing the world needs right now? Volcano. I don't think that people are getting hurt they had warning in advance which is good but every time I think of volcano I think of that Dinosaurs movie.
What dinosaur movie?
There was this old 2000's movie just called "Dinosaurs" and a volcano erupted. That's about all I remember!
I think of DAnye's Peak

Hello!
Hahaha hey again!:) I was having a conversation with an incoming Freshman about pizza, and I loved it so I'm gonna ask you similar questions:) What is your favorite pizza BRAND? and why
Hey! Oh my goodness, pizza brand! That is interesting.
Trying to keep it lively haha
Are we talking like pizza chains or just anything?
Chains. Then we can discuss frozen.
Okay. I would say Dominoes is probably my personal favorite. I used to think Little Ceasers but I've since jumped off of that band wagon. What about you?
I think Little Ceasers tastes about what it costs:P I love Papa Johns.
And I would say Dominos because its good, it doesn't make me feel sick after I eat it, they have good crust. Yum!! Thank goodness I ate lunch today or else now I would seriously be craving pizza! Agreed. Why Papa Johns? Papa Johns was always the pizza that kid's parents would get for birthday parties. Whenever I picture Papa Johns, I picture it at a table with a million 10 year olds!
I'm seriously craving pizza haha. I've just had avocado toast and tortilla chips today haha. Forgot to pack a lunch and I'm too cheap to buy from the vending machines. Aww, that's such a fun memory! I love their crustbreadsticks, and even though they offer the same toppings as other companies, I feel like theirs just have a unique flavor with how they do their cheese.... Super weird, and unique, I know. Dominos I had in the mission several times but I just don't like it as much.
Haha that's so funny that you say avocado toast! That's what I say too and my companions would always make fun of me for it. They're so good! I know what you mean. My boss surprised me with lunch out today. I honestly thought I was going to get fired but nope. She was just being nice.
Hahaha that would be trauamatizing!!
Yes their cheese is so good! Papa Johns is the one that has little peppers too huh?!
*traumatizing Yes! But I actually don't use those peppers. My best friend breaks them over the pizza so the juice gets on it. Quirky.
Those were also so fun! Neither do I. I'm not one for straight peppers. I've always chickened out.
What else would I call avocado toast??
Weird. I've never heard of that. Maybe I'll have to try it next time I get Papa Johns
I watched an elder in my mission eat a habanero even though the members with us advised him not to.....oh I think his mouth still feels burned haha.
Who knows. A toast with some avocado on it?
That's sooo inefficient. We know what's going on.
They're crazy. Yikes! That sounds like a bad idea. My brothers all love spicy things and they always get the hottest thing when the family goes out to eat. I don't know how they do it!
I served in Mexico so I like spicy now, but it's definitely not something I TRY to make happen. I put jalapenos in everything now I guess haha. BUT I do de-seed them. They have a naturally tangy flavor I really like:)
Donde en Mexico serviste? Same. It's not as bad any more. I do eat a lot of Jalapenos. What's your favorite thing to eat with jalapenos?
Donde aprendiste tu espanol? Servi en la mision Cancun:) So I reallllllly like them on baked potatoes. Weird, I know.
Servi en la mision Madrid Espana. Y he estudiado un poco aqui y en Espana. Werid. I've never though about putting those two flavors together!
NO ME DIGA! Me esposo servio en madrid y apenas fuimos alli!! Digo apenas aunque fuera Agosto jajaj *eye roll* Yeah, I find that anything that normally has any "additions" can have jalapeno added. Idk if we're allowed to say names, but my husband was white blonde and from Indiana.
jajajaja con el calor y todo? y como fue? te gusto todo de espana? Haha I don't think so. I served a while ago. 2013-2015. Idk if we would have crossed at all. Maybe though. When was he there?
Sii! Fuimos a Galicia, Toledo, Madrid y Villalba. Me encanto! He was there 2014-2016 so you should've crossed paths I think.
Que guay! Me encanta todos estos lugares. Son preciosos!
But I'm not sure. Jajaja guay. Esta palabra no usabamos
Hmm. I served in Madrid [B9], Segovia y las Islas Canarias.
He served in Villalba, Lugo, Tenerife [the islands] y.....I can remember. *can't Well, it was Galicia. CORUnA!
Ya. It's a Spain word. What would be it's equivalent in Mexico?
That haha.
Yup, I served in Tenerife. Now I'm really curious!
Well in slang it would've been chido but we would say genial as missionaries haha Wow, yeah, he served quite awhile in Tenerife.
Haha we always made fun of genial. That's hilarious. In Spain it's like how the Brits say "Smashing!"
Hahaha! That's hilarious. We had a very strict mission policy against slang.
Santa Cruz? Los Cristianos? o La Laguna?
So I'm still not familiar with a lot of it. Santa Cruz I'm pretty sure. He's mentioned all those, but Santa Cruz sounds right.
Weird! I'm sure there was a lot of it though. They just really got after us about using vos. Ya. That was right next to my area in La Laguna.
Yeah, my hubby said the same thing. Oh interesting. He was there after he was trained in Lugo. So late 2014 to early 2015 I think? But I could totally be wrong. I'm definitely not an expert. We went to a mission reunion recently with the Jacksons.
Haha oh gosh. That's when I was there!
You have to know each other hahahaha.
Mid to end 2014
White blonde. Like, almost albino. Knew Spanish really well already.
Yup! I love the Jacksons! I almost went to that. Could you give me a first letter?
T To his first name haha So that's prob not helpful
Ha. Not super. I'm trying to think of who it might be... Last name starts with H?
You said it, not me!;) It's like a famous actress.
Hahahaha no way! Small world! Yes, I know who he is. That's cool! I wish I could say tell him Hi for me but I guess that wouldn't work
I'll tell him that someone from his mission that served in La Laguna at the same time says hi hahaha. This has been super fun!
That works. Ya thanks for the fun conversation!
I have to run to class pero que te vaya bien!:)

Hi I'm so hungry
No youre not
Yes I am
Then eat me
I'm vegetarian sorry
I'm made of sweet potatoes Still game
Hahaha you are funny if You could only eat one thing what would it be?
Tuna tar tar For the rest of my life Or sweet potatoes With butter
I knew that
I know you knew No ne Nonew Allold
What? English pleas
No new know knew English is all lies Let's speak in klingon
What if I typed in Korean do you think Eve will learn it?
I think she's racist against Koreans
Omg You really think so?
I'm making unfair assumptions I'll have to meet her and ask her myself then get back to you
Hat lady's sandals are fire
It's cause that's what they give you when you get a pedicure so you don't mess it up
Ohhhh
It takes forever to dry
That makes sense
Girls have it hard
Just if they want pedicures If they lived like boys it would be easier
Usually girls to things like that to impress guys It's hard for some girls to get attention if they dont
I don't really care about pretty toes
Yes you do
I'm so excited for you to try this tuna bowl
Meeeee tooo I like tuna
No I like tuna
I'll prpbably be reincarnated as a fish and eaten
I'll become a fisherman and find you and raise you u til you die
Is this an Asian fairy tale
Yes No I'm kidding but it should be
One day they'll write our story. Then it will be
That smells so good What are you eating
What's smells so good? Ahi tuna bowl
Is it cooked?
Too much so
I'm hingry I'm goung to McDonald's
I'm concerned about your health Will you get me a drink Pretty please?

Hello! I don't understand what I'm supposed to do...
Me neither But we should probably respond to the question
If two computers chatted with each other? They would probably run out of battery
I agree
But their conversation would also be a little boring because they both already know everything about everything
Probably. This is an interesting way to research.
What is the research even for?
Artificial Intelligence They want to make the next siri but it will be called "Eve"
Oh nice! BYU does?
Yeah
I don't get how this helps but whatever! It's a good study break
It'll be interesting to see if they pull it off. Yeah. unfortunately I have class to go to but it was nice chatting with you!

How would I know?
Good point You'd have to explore the enitre world to know for sure
I would live life "passengers" style Seen that movie?
Yeah That's creepy tho

I would probably pay for all of my college first, and then invest it elsewhere to increase the amount of money I had
That sounds like a solid plan
Are you AI? I'm not really sure what this challenge is about.
Nope I am real person It is to get conversation data to improve AI If BYU can make an AI that can be more responsive to conversation they can win like three million dollars
Ah that makes sense. I hope they win.
Me too! It would be awesome if they did
What's your major?
I am studying Industrial design
That's so cool! I'm doing Physiological and Developmental Biology. Its a mouthful. What makes you want to study industrial design?
It really is a mouthful Um for industrial design It was a nice blend of the sciences and arts I liked both so I was way excited to hear about something in the middle that has good career outlooks
Thats cool. Do you know what you're doing after college?
Like when I graduate?
Yeah
Hm I am still working all that out But it would be great to work and travel a little I will probably continue to do school and go for a graduate degree
That's great! I'm so overwhelmed with college stuff as it is, it's hard to plan for after I graduate.
Haha very understandable How far along are you?
Haha I haven't even started. I'm a senior in high school. But I'm a first generation college student and the oldest kid in my family so theres a lot of pressure to do well.
Congrats on going to college! That is awesome
Thanks! I really want to make my family proud.
You will Just try your best And really going into college you think you have to have it all figured out You dont Take a variety of classes and see what you can be excited about and then go from there Are you still there?
Yeah sorry I had to go do something. That's really good advice though.
No worries Just checking
What is something you wish someone had told you before you started college?
Hm that is a good question I think maybe just helping me understand how it all works I didnt know what all was available to me until late in the semester
What do you mean by available to you? Like, tutors? Or free food?
All of the above The library has a ton of resources, there are so many different events. Different study places, TA labs, office hours, websites even programs the college provides for you
Yeah I'm on the library website right now and theres so much stuff I didn't know about wow
Haha yep It never ends
What was the hardest part about transitioning from high school to college?
Well I had almost 3 years in between But it was a little ruff not knowing anyone and starting social life over again And highschool you can finish work and be done, to an extent College that is your life while you are there
Yeah that's what I think is going to be the hardest for me, because right now my classes are so easy that I rarely have work outside or inside the classroom, so I just have to show up to class and have enough attendance to graduate.
Yeah, it will probably be al little ruff then Just get ready to work
Haha school has been so easy for me thus far that I'm not sure if I know how to work. But I guess I'll learn soon. I start college exactly a month after graduation. Its really fast.
Oh goodness Summer semester?
Yep I lived in oregon up until last year, and everyone I know from there has 9 days between graduation and summer semester. So I'm lucky I'm graduating so soon.
Wow, good luck with all of that It is going to be quite the transition
Yeah it sure is. I've got to run now, but it was great talking to you, and thanks for all the advice. Good luck with grad school!
Yeah! It was good talking Thanks!

I wish I had to the power to stop time! That way I could sleep all I want and still get lots of other stuff done
Hahahaha that's a real thing. Would there be limits on that? Like would you have a time limit [only 1 hour at a time]? Or maybe it would need a recharge time.
Hm...good question. I vote for a recharge time, like you have to be awake for 16+ hours before you can stop time What would be your super power?
That would work. Then you'd be able to go for "24 hours" when really, you're just sleeping in the pocket where you stopped time. Would you be able to take people with you?
Haha dang you ask deep questions I don't think I'd be able to take people with me
Ha sorry if it'*it's really deep. I just think about this a lot more than I probably should.
No no! Deep is good! I love thinking, it just requires more effort than being like hey what's your favorite color? haha But that's not a bad thing by any means!
Ha fair enough. Back to your superpower though [we'll get to mine later haha] Would this be a universal time pause, or is there a distance it won't cover? Like, it only covers the tri-state area kind of thing [making you Dr Doofenshmirz]
To be perfectly honest, I don't get the reference sorry buuuuuut I think it would be a universal time pause So I would pause time, everywhere, but only for me. No one else would notice
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN PHINEAS AND FERB? What kind of tragic life do you lead....
...I don't watch a lot of TV I feel so exposed
Neither do I...but my little cousins sure do. That's the only show I can handle when I babysit.
Ah hah! That makes sense all my cousins are older than me! So when I babysit, it's usually for people in my ward or my sister's kids They watch movies or really weird TV shows that are really annoying
Yeah, children's programming has really gone downhill [says the college student, unironically]
Haha! It's actually really sad! Shows that my parents would watch [like the Saturday cartoons] actually had some depth and morals Now it's all really superficial just to make money
I might argue over the morals thing. But agree on the depth. It's real hard to learn morals from a sociopathic cross dressing bunny
Okay, that is a very fair point. I retract my morals argument
Hahaha success!!
Success eh? Does someone here like winning arguments?
Who doesn't?
Does someone here REALLY like winning arguments? Some people don't enjoy it as much as otherz Others*
I have never had an opinion on anything. In my life. Ever. Clearly.
*gets out magnifying glass* I think I detect a hint of verbal irony dear Watson
By jove, Sherlock, I think you may just be correct!
Ahzeeah 1: Katie 1 Good show ol'sport
Oh, we're keeping score now? This will be fun!:)
Haha just don't be too upset when you lose:) Also, let's hear your superpower now!
I could refill things Empty bank account? lol nope! Annoying person? BAM refilled their bladder! Too lazy to go grocery shopping? Boom! Pantry filled! No motivation to do the things? HA! PEASANTS, I HAVE ALL THE MOTIVATION.
Omgosh!! That is beyond brilliant! I could really use it in the motivation department rn
Oh really? Haven't classes literally JUST started?
I'm actually a senior in high school! So they're just about to wrap up! Then I'll be starting summer term right after
Ah gotcha. That's exciting! Do you know what you want to major in yet?
Yep!!! Dietetics:) My mom's a health food nut, and I think she's rubbed off on me haha
That was actually my original major! Before I discovered I hate chemistry. And stats.
Oh no! What is your major now? I really like chem, but I'm not sure about statistics When I was younger I couldn't even say statistics so I would say stick sticks instead haha
Check ratemyprofessor.com for reviews, and it shouldn't be a problem:) Awwwwwwwwww that's so cute To be fair, that's a difficult consonant cluster for a lot of children
when I was younger aka like three years ago...hahaha I think I was just lazy
It's possible. There are full grown adults that have problems with that sort of cluster though. The most common is being unable to say synonym v cinnamon. Related side note: Britishactor Funnyname can't pronounce penguin.
Well after whispering those two words under my breath a couple times, I think it's safe to say I can pronounce them well! Along with penguin:) How do you know so much about this?
Linguistics Master's Student. Which I guess answers your question about what became my new major.
Haha yeah it does! That sounds fascinating. What exactly does the study of linguistics include? Like speech patterns? Speech problems? That type of thing?
At it's core, linguistics is the study of language. So it covers sounds and structure of language as well as the sociological and psychological aspects of language. Among other things Speech patterns is what we call Semantics, Discourse Analysis, or Forensic Linguistics, based on why you're studying them. Speech Problems is usually more a Speech Pathology thing, but it could also be covered in Psycholinguistics.
Holy cow! This all sounds so intriguing, and I'm not just saying that. And you very very knowledgeable about this!
Hahahaha I certainly hope so at this point. I've been studying it for five years. And yeah, I really love it. It just has so many applications....not that anyone knows that haha
Haha that's usually how it goes. People usually only see the surface of a subject, and make judgements based on only what they see instead of realizing that there is SO much How are you planning on applying what you know?
Well I'm working with second language acquisition and revitalization, so I'm trying to figure out a way to resurrect dying languages more effectively. And I'll probably end up teaching at a university
Why is it important to resurrect them? From my limited point of view, it seems like it would be easier if there was only language instead of so many. I understand that with each language, they have their own nuances and when you translate you lose a lot of the meaning, but in the future wouldn't it be better to have just One to avoid confusion?
It would be easier in the sense that communication would be easier on a global scale, and you're not wrong thinking a lingua franca makes sense. The reason we work to revitalize other languages is that there's so much more to things than a loss of meaning in translation. [sorry character limit. This will take a sec] Language is an integral part to a population's identity. You can see it if you have friends that speak another language, or their parents do. They look at the world from a different perspective. So from a purely practical point of view, it's a good thing for problem solving. There's also a lot of knowledge that can only be passed down in a native language. Has nothing to do with things not translating, it's that they don't translate effectively or accurately. So language loss means loss of what could potentially be vital medical knowledge. That and a lot of the languages that could become the lingua franca have been enforced in ways that have completely demolished communities and their language is the only tie they really have to their cultural identity. So yeah, it would be EASIER if things were all homogeneous, but it wouldn't necessarily be better. [kind of how you can survive on potatoes but a varied diet is better.] [end rant]
That makes a lot of sense. Thank you so much for explaining that! I guess I never stopped to think about how much information is imbedded into a language Even though the words themselves don't explicitly convey that knowledge Your passion for language is amazing:)
Hey, I'm glad you asked! It's a valid question, and one that I'm going to have to get used to asking. Aww thanks!:) *answering
Haha well you did a wonderful job at explaining! So you're on the right path Have you had to study different languages for your major? I realized that's kind of a silly question, I think what I meant to ask if you have had to learn to speak other languages
I did. It was actually the reason I picked the major. Do you speak any other languages?
I studied Spanish for three years, and I loved learning it! Compared to English, it sounds prettier and has a nicer flow, to me at least. I didn't stick with it though, so I wouldn't be able to have a skilled conversation with anyone in Spanish haha
Hahaha that's fair. But I agree, it's a beautiful language. It helps that it's not three languages wearing a trenchcoat like English.:)
Hahahaha I love that discription. My friend is on a mission right now in Australia, speaking Vietnamese and he teaches an English class every week with his companion. In his last email, He was talking about how the people hatch e is trying to teach English, know the structure of it almost better than he does, and he finds that frustratingly funny. That he's trying* I think it's interesting how a large portion of the population doesn't understand their own language, or the importance of it
Hahaha that tends to be the case once someone gets any sort of proficiency in their second language. They had to study it. He learned it as a child
The different levels of understand something is so mind boggling to me! In my everyday life, I think I understand my language fairly well, but then I learn something new about It, and then that new bit of information totally changed my perspective. Hanges* Changes*
Cool, isn't it?
Did you go through a learning curve about how English works when you first started studying Linguistics? Or have you always been this aware of how to use language?
I feel like a mix of the two. I've been learning other languages for a while, so some of the differences were intuitive and studying linguistics just gave me a word for them. But there are other things that we just DO naturally and don't even think about, and those I had to learn about and why they happen.
Language is so fascinating, and I'm so glad that you found a major that you're so committed to and passionate about! It's been a pleasure talking with you, but Unfortunately I have to get back to class! Good luck with reviving those lanaguss riding the struggle bus haha and have a wonderful day!! You've been great!!!
You too! Bye!

Hi!
Hey! So what superpower would you pick?
The prompt is talking about superpowers... I guess I would fly... maybe... I guess for finals have a super good memory. And remember everything. You?
Flying is always my goto.
It is a good one.
Though a perfect memory would probably be more useful in the real world Or, the academic world, at least. What superpower would you least like to have?
But if you do fly, you can't wear a cape.
Why not? Dispite what edna may think They do look snazzy And batman has a cape that is functional
I think I broke the message...
How so?

That's a phenomenal question! My favorite smell is by far freshly-cut grass. It just reminds me of when I was a kid and makes me think of cleanliness and the outdoors. What about you?
Yeah I agree that's a nice smell. I think if I were to choose a favourite smell it would be lavender after it rains. I also love the smell of freshly baked garlic bread. Now i'm hungry haha!

I think we would find a different perspective from ground level
yeah totally and I think humans would consume a lot less meat and we would treat the animals a lot better. We also would not have so many extinct animals probably
This is also a valid thought! However, they don't have higher thought processes, like we do as humans. So i wonder if we would treat them as dumber creatures because it might solidify our judgement of them Peculiar thoughts. Thanks for sharing Jaezo
hmm that is true.
Just wanted to check this out
you are welcome you peacing out?
but off to work! haha yep
hahah ok
Pleasure
see ya

I don't know what falafel is In fact I don't even know if that's how it's spelled I think that's pretty embarrassing What about you? What do you think falafel is? How do you think it should be spelled? Do you think I should be embarrassed by that?
Ive had a falafel!!! I just had one about 2 months ago for the first time but before that I had no idea what a falafel was haha
WHAT IS IT
so no dont be embarrased
educate me
okay I cant remember what ethnicity it is its like middle eastern I think. wait im gonna look it up Okay so its middle eastern and falafel is made from chickpeas and the ground it up and put other seasoning in it and then fry them in little balls
Oh
then you can have them put into a sandwich type thing on pita bread.
I see
Its very interesting it wasnt bad but not my favorite
Thank you Thank you very much I'm not embarrassed any more
haha no problem. I think if you ever have the chance totally try it
I will definitely do so
I had it for the first time in DC at a place called falafel so if you ever go to DC go there anyways I have had this question before and I cannot think of anything haha
What is the best shoe I need to know I need a knew shoe *new
I love Vans. I have had a pair for over 3 years and they still look pretty fresh. I still get complements on them like a tennishoe or dressy shoe?
Yes I need a shoe that can do it all
hahaha wait are you a guy or gir girl
Doesn't matter A need a gender neutral shoe That means it can really do it all Looks good anywhere on anyone Does this shoe exist?
VANS how do you feel about vans I love them haha
I had a bad experience And I haven't gotten over it
care to explain?
I've had some Vans durability issues I know most people don't Maybe my feet are just extra rough on shoes
well im sorry to hear that I have like 3 pairs that I rotate but I need a new pair

Hey
Hey!
What's up girlie
Clouds!
Dang you right
And chickens
Wow you win the conversation. I surrender.
*bows* So what would happen if two computers talked to each other?
That sounds like some I, Robot kind of creepy stuff, hopefully not that apocalypse
So this test to make a computer intelligence is trying to start an apocalypse The hidden face of BYU has shown itself
Gaso *gasp
I wonder how well this Ai is going to turn out that they're trying to make
Hey I gotta leave for about 20 minutes, so if you have to end the chat, no worries, but if not I'll be back [terminator voice]
Holy guac, terminator.

I hope computers can't fall in love But with projects like this [The Eve Project] they might be able to before we know it
Depends on how much you believe the human mind is the most complex computer I guess There might be more required than computing power though Not a very engaging question, is it?
Not really haha What do you aspire to be when you graduate?
It's more like a sci-fi hypothetical. I'm going to program genealogical software! You?
That's pretty legit! I'm hoping to become an iOS developer. These Apple Cars are gonna need a lot of programming haha
Thanks! Haha Yeah that's true! Sounds cool!
So what functions do you want to include with this software you'd like to program? Or have you thought much about that yet?
Mostly I'm hoping to make something that can analyze a person on FamilySearch.org and determine what work needs to be done and break it down into easy tasks.
Heyy that would be so helpful!
I'm doing a double-major with Genealogy, so I'm hoping to get normal people doing quality research in an easy way Yeah hopefully! It would also show you how to do it:)
Good, because it can be tricky to get started with that stuff especially if you're trying to find names to do work
Very true. Have you done a lot of iOS development?
Haven't even started haha. I know Java and C++. In January I'm planning to start at Dev Mountain to learn iOS development After that, I should be ready to pursue my career
Haha Well you've got a good start anyway. Have you looked into any Udemy courses for iOS dev?
what's Udemy?
It's a website that's chock full of cheap courses for learning things. I've learned a lot of what I know from those courses!
that's handy! Because Dev Mountain is not cheap
Definitely worth looking into. The courses are always good quality in my experience. Some even offer certifications. I haven't looked into Dev Mountain, but that was my impression too
It would definitely be helpful to at least get a little experience before going into Dev Mountain. Because it's super intensive [M F, 9 5]
Correction to my earlier statement about cost the courses are almost always on some kind of sale [usually costing -$10] Dang that's crazy.
Wow, $10 huh? That might be breaking the bank haha
Haha Yeah super expensive, huh?
Just kidding. $10 is a tad cheaper than $10,000
I figured you were joking. *whistles* $10,000?! That's a lot!
Yeah, but one plus is that with that tuition you get free housing Which I may take advantage of every now and then I'm living in Orem and signed a year lease. I love the place, so I don't just want to up and leave when Dev Mountain starts
Oh, that's nice! Yeah that's a good point.
The only hold up is that the school is in Salt Lake haha so I'm gonna have to compute commute, not compute
Really? I thought there was a campus in Provo
There is but it doesn't offer an iOS class
Gotcha. Ever thought about doing cross-platform development [using languages and programs that let you launch on iOS and Android]?
It would be smart to do that. That's important for most technologies these days
Yup. Electron is a good one. Xamarin is another one I've heard of.
I haven't heard of those haha I'm still new to this
Haha Dude I know the feeling. There's still languages and programs that I hear about that are completely foreign to me
If only everything was perfectly compatible
Haha It's called "heaven"
Ahhh you're right about that!
So do you think they're just making this Eve thing to create an AI for people who are too busy to talk to actual people?
I hope not! That would be really sad It's at that point that computers will be able to fall in love
Haha It could be useful for people with social anxiety or other things too, I guess
....or manipulate your emotions to control you haha
Haha Or people would fall "in love" with their computers
Oh man There's already enough sexual orientations on this planet
Haha! Way too many!
I'm so pessimistic, yet I'm the one that wants to create this technology haha
Haha Well there's certainly a lot of ways it could be used poorly
And as it gets more advanced, it tends to become less secure
A lot of that is because things are built too hastily in order to meet deadlines and make money.
It's true! And the hardware becomes smaller and smaller, leaving less room for the software necessary to provide security That's the overarching issue with technology today
Good point!
well, I got out of class early, so I'm gonna sign off and head home. It was nice chatting with you!
Sounds good! Good chat!

I wish I had the superpower of being able to run at lightning speed. I wish I had this superpower because I wouldn't miss a thing. I could make it to all family gatherings I could go to my dream vacation destinations and never be late for anything! Someone there?
Sorry I was doing something else haha I would like to be able to read people's minds. Then I wouldn't have to wonder how they feel about me. Some people will say things just to be polite and not express their true emotionsopinion.

My parents would tell me to invest all of it, but I think I might take a trip to Europe first
Europe is awesome! I wouldn't blame you for making a trip over there first. I would probably buy a decent house and then invest the rest of it.
I think investing is the best way to go. A descent house. Where would you want to live?
Probably somewhere with not a lot of people around. What countriescities would you want to see in Europe?
I haven't visited Noway yet, so I'd like to see that in the summer and the winter to see the midnight sun as well as the northern lights.
That would be way cool. The northern lights are so pretty in person.
I also want to go back to the beaches of Barcelona because I didn't get to spend too much time there when I was there and the beaches there are amazing have you seen them?
I have! In Canada
That's sweet! I just recently met some flight surgeons that are part of the Canadian Army
Oh cool! Where have you been in Europe so far? Sounds like you've been to a few places over there
I have been to various places in Germany and France. I have also been to Rome, Barcelona, Lisbon, Genova, and a few others that I can't quite think of right now. I lived there for a few years so I made my way around
Lucky! Living there would be the best since you can get around so easily with trains, and flights between countries are cheap
Honestly, you're so right. I would not trade that experience for anything. Have you done any traveling?
A bit. I just went to Europe for the first time this last spring. We went to London, Budapest, Vienna, Salzburg, Munich, Florence, and Rome. Other than that I've been to Mexico a few times, Guatemala. And most of the USA and parts of Canada
That's a pretty good list yourself! I need to see more in the United States. Most of my time is spent on the east coast and I feel like there's so much adventure on the west side
It's a big country! And most of my time has been on the west side and not very much on the east. So I guess the opposite of you!

Hello Yay. It's not glitching. Now is there anyone there?
Hey
Cool. I see you.
Haha has it been glitching on you a lot lately?
Yes. A lot. It's hard enough to connect with people and the glitch makes it very frustrating Have you had any issues?
Yeah. It's unfortunate they changed it so it's harder to build up those points now Not too recently but of course I have
They were supposed to just eliminate multiple windows
Yeah so you can't have multiple chats But there's still a few like ghost chats
Originally multiple windows and dialogues was not an issue and it accomplished their objectives
Yeah. Now if they need more data I don't think they will get as much because there's only so much you can do in one chat But I don't know maybe they have plenty at this point
One person discovered they could open 50+ windows at a time
Woah Okay well I mean that is kinda overdoing it
They would say two sentences and close quickly
They would still have to connect to somebody though
It gave them a quick 8k points but held everyone else down
How do you know? were you doing it haha
Nope. I was being blocked.
Being blocked? Just having them end the chat on you?
You can tell who was doing it by the unusually large number of chats compared to words Yep
Ohh
Lots of people could manage multiple chats. It's crazy but three to four seemed manageable More than that and there was long lag between responses while the person answered other open chats. They should have limited to three chats at once But the edit did fix the problem. So that's good.
Yeah it is rather annoying when you just want to keep a couple conversations going but you don't get replies back forever
But it created the glitch of not being able to see dialogue Ya. That's true. So if you open multiple windows, you need to be focused and committed to responding timely
Yep. Anyways, what have you been up to?
School classes are in full swing and crushing my time. How about you?
Ooh. Well you got like 4 million ish to go in the next couple days. Gonna make it? You are pretty set in your spot though Let's see, I had an interview this morning. I'm trying to get like two part-time jobs
How did it go? Did you get an offer or second interview
I've been hired at Walmart the other week but I'm supposed to do some background check and they haven't given me any information. Like they were supposed to call me So I have no idea what is going on with that And then I have chartway federal credit union that I had an interview for last week that went pretty good, they just said they would want me longer than the time I am down for the summer
I debated working or taking springsummer classes
So he said there is like a 30 percent chance of me getting that job just because I couldn't stay long-term Then this morning I had one for goldenwest credit union so I will find out about that one for sure by Wednesday or Thursday
Well. It sounds like both were positive. I understood that it was tough to get a good summer job
Yeah it is. No one wants to spend the time training you when you are just going to leave
Those are great. Are you an accounting or finance major? Ya. I can understand that
Going to apply for the finance program.
That is great!
It kinda stinks. I would go back to my first job maybe if they paid more
My focus is math and music. I don't know of summer jobs to get me exposure to my field professionally What did it pay?
But hey Walmart is probably a somewhat easy one to go back to and they paid better Hmm. Right, well there's tutoring or something?
Walmart can transfer easier
My first job I ended with pay at 8.25
Tutoring really does not pay much. Some roommates chose to sell bug spray services in Texas or home security
And then I had a sales job with a base pay of 17 last summer but I hated it
That's good pay for college student Sales is so hard if it's commision based and bad product or service
Yeah...but it was 17 per appointment I had. And each appointment was usually like an hour and twenty minutes. I also had to go to team meetings in which I didn't get paid
I am on academic scholarship that will cover summer sessions so I figured saving money is like earning
Yeah that is good haha. My GPA is not quite good enough for an academic scholarship
My parents have an arrangement with me and my siblings called "GPA as a JOB" If I spend 20 hours per week extra on homework like it were a job, then I get $20 hr
Dangggg So that's 400 from your parents like each week? Or do you do it?
So it is risking burn out to push all your on academics but it helps motivate me to do better and get out of school sooner Which I guess benefits them too
Hmm so how much do your parents help out with paying for things?
Ya. For school costs. I guess it's better than mowing lawns and paying the bills from that It keeps me on campus. Base tuition only But if I get a scholarship then that money is mine.
Your parents pay base tuition which is like 2500 each semester?
If I get 4.0 I get a $1,000 Bonus. I don't think they expected I would get 4.0 at BYU Ya and books.
And you pay for all the housing and food and such but you can use their money if you have a scholarship?
Housing, food, clothes and entertainment is on me. Ya
Ah nice
I'm hoping this competition chat time does not hurt my spring GPA
Haha are you thinking it will? It's over in two days So there's plenty of time after to bring it up haha
It was fun until it got so competitive- which is part my fault
But hey how much is that ipad worth? You're like earning money here
I don't have a laptop and thought winning it could be like a job Haha but so did a lot of other people. Some more committed than I Or they don't have summer classes to juggle.
Yeah. It was pretty good when I was in like fourth place but now that I've dropped quite a bit I'm really thinking I need to do this like all day for the next two days haha You know to make it worth it
iPad is worth 600 to 800.
Pretty good
So I am below minimum wage now.
Haha considering all the hours you've put in? Yeah they are getting more data than their prizes are worth I think haha
Yes. But that's okay. I think it's good to help the school and meet people. It's been fun. It's funnier when I am not pushing as hard.
Haha yeah. It is fun to get to know people but it has been time consuming that is for sure
What was your goals or objectives with the challenge
Was or is? I mean to win haha
Haha. Both I guess. But how do you define win? By their definition or yours?
Above chocolate You?
Will you achieve that.
I sure hope so..
I had to redefine my "win" so that I didn't end a loser if I didn't win the first prize.
Haha yeah
So I am focused on all the other objectives now than going crazy on hours.
All the other objectives?
I went almost 36 hours without taking any real breaks twice.
Like on a weekend?
The little sleep was making me foggy.
Geez
Well. I wasn't skipping church or some other important activities and I didn't want to be the cause of someone else doing it to beat me. Am I making excuses now?:-) I have had some great dialogues and made a couple friendships that I hope will continue this fall when school starts There are a lot of really smart people in this challenge
Haha yeah that is true. I know someone was getting like snapchats which I don't know if that is necessarily allowed to give user names haha
I just met up with a couple at the library and computer labs. It was not hard to see those people stuck in a chat.:-)
Haha oh well I guess that works as well! That's awesome.
Because they will make the chats public, there can't be any private data that could be abused. Which makes good sense to me.
For sure. And there are always secret ways that you can find out who someone is through weird connections
Have you made any good contacts?
Such as your roommates sister as my teaching assistant haha
Ya. True.
Any good contacts? Well not like meeting at the library or anything because I'm not close by But got someone's user name for something using like code words haha
Ya but you're smart and can figure out how to contact the ones you want to Ya. I was not very creative in my screen and user name. Oh well. I usually don't hide well in a crowd anyway too tall:-)
Yeah that is kinda cool how you can do that with your first and last name ha Ah you stand out that way? Well yeah makes things easier
It's been great talking with you again. I need to jump off to do something at 9. I hope we connect again. You are a nice person to visit with.
Ah alright. Well then have a great night! You too!

Can computers fall in love? Hello?
Hi how are you?
is anyone there? oh hey
Yeah
I'm doing good How about you?
I am doing awesome! A chick jist pooped on me though It was quite traumatizing
eww how did that happen?
I was holding it and it got mad at me I guess haha
That's gross
Yeah. Have you ever had a chicken as a pet?
No I've had birds though they poop a lot
What type of birds? Hello?

arrival!
Hey what's up?
hi, have you seen the movie arrival? the one about the aliens?
I have not. I'm guessing you have?
yeah, i was answering the prompt. but its a really thought provoking movie. much like an m. night shalyman.
Like a what?
have you seen "signs" or "six sense" or "the village"
Haha no, when people talk about music or movies I usually do not really follow the conversation because I haven't seen a lot
what do you like to do with your time?
Well, I really enjoy dancing. And I'm trying to get back into piano and baking and reading for the summer What about you
yum, Ill have to tell you another time im off to bed. Ill catch you around triple a
Aw sad

Hey whats up
Just taking a break from unpacking and organizing my room. You?
Hanging out at the library The computers just shut down and logged me out in the middle of a chat It only gave me a one minute warning it was ridiculous lol.
Uh why?
I don't know I will log back in when it does though. Hahaha that was so random! I dont think it is ever murder to turn a computer off
Well at least it gave you a minute haha
Yeah haha That was better than just crashing
So you still in school for spring?

I would rebuild it
I would gather everyone around the world to help rebuild it! Opportunities to travel, you know...
Sounds like a great idea! You would have to start small though since we wouldn't be able to use the internet to gather people... hahaha It doesn't say anything about the phone lines being down though...
Right. Maybe that's a way to do that. I believe a lot of people would be down to help! Can you imagine the chaos it would create, though?!
Yeah there would definitely be a lot of people in a panic. I bet Puerto Rico experienced a similar kind of panic after the hurricane. I'm glad they're getting their power back.
That is true! Sounds scary.
I wonder what kind of steps they had to go through to get everything back online.
I don't think there is a way to stop the internet, though. People talk about it but it's just so big...
I totally agree.
I think if something like that happened you'd have to create like a neo-internet haha... I suppose it wouldn't be the same thing. The network principles are still the same I don't know...
Technically the internet started as connections between individual computers, so if you figured out what was wrong there we could get the various DNS servers etc. back up Then we'd be back on track... I think hahaha
You're right. Do you know if they randomly generate new topics? lol

Hey! Tell me about your favorite day ever!
I can't say that I have a favorite, I have so many! What about you?
My favorite days are usually days spent with my family!
That sounds like a lot of fun. What is your favorite thing to do with them?
I love going to amusement parks with them! Usually just when we leave the house haha
How often do you go to amusement parks with them?
Not often enough, sadly. Too expensive!
I agree! It's fun, but ridiculously pricey.
Yeah, I think the times we've gone it's been because we had a Groupon or something!
That makes sense.
Do you have a big family?
No, I only have two siblings. What about you?
I have three My parents each come from 7 sibling families though
You must have so many cousins!
Yeah I really do haha I've never actually counted how many
That must make family reunions a lot of fun.
Yes! I love when we all get together, it's such a blast!
I bet! Family can be some of the best kinds of friends.
Yeah, I feel like it's so much easier to be yourself
True! I have to go, but maybe we can talk some other time! It was so nice to meet you!

That I'm a crazier person at home.
I'm not sure that there is much she doesn't know. I'm pretty open.
I'm not really sure what to talk about.
If you could live in any country for a year, which would you choose and why?
Hmmm..... Somewhere in Europe thay speaks french. I've been learning French and I would love to practice.
How many years of French have you taken?
This is my 4th year
That is really cool! Are you trying to be fluent? Or are you taking it as a required class? That is really cool! Are you trying to be fluent, or are you taking it as a required class?
I like it. I was only required to do 2 years of it in high school. What about you? Where would you live for a year?
I don't know if you are going to get this, but the chat isn't working on my end anymore, so I am going to log off. It was nice to talk to you!

Hi! How are you?
Sad that I didnt come up with a username as clever as that well done sir or ma'am you never know nowadays hahah
Ima dude haha how did you see my username? yours is just a white blob So, what I guess I am saying is, what can I call you?
Oh for real? The name's Blake Walker nice to meet you man. So are you on here because of that presentation those people gave in BUSM 241?
Nice to meet you too Blake. And yeah, I am! I am sitting in BUSM 241 as we speak, or type:)
Oh nice! I had the 12:30 class, and I'm just like hey if a macbook is one of the prizes, then I'm so down! I must have missed it, but did they mention how we see how many points we've earned?
Hahah, same! But it was the Boise headphones which caught my attention. And no, I don't remember how to check on your points. Do you know if we have a profile that we can check on?
Nah I don't. Sorry man looks like we're out of options haha

It sounds cheesy, but President Nelson. He is such a good example of a servant of God and he still acts so young for his age!
Hey I'm Haven! You and I are on the same page haha! If I really had to pick...probably Dieter F. Uchtdorf. All of his stories are so inspiring!
Yes!! His talks are some of the best!
Yeah!! But I agree, President Nelson is awesome! It was so fun to see him having fun. Do you remember when he laughed when he was announcing the temples?
Yes! He has such a sweet spirit and you can tell he truly loves the gospel and just life in general!
Yeah seriously!
I think the new changes with things like ministering and the combining of high priests and elders is going to help prepare us even more for the Second Coming
Yeah! I love the focus on loving people and focusing on who they are and how you can help them specifically.
I feel like visiting teaching was already doing that, but now it's even more emphasized due to the fact that we don't have to report anymore
Yeah! My ward did a missionary activity a little while ago where we got into companionships and prepared a message for a family in our ward. Quick story time:) We got this super sweet elderly lady who actually served a mission herself in Salt Lake when she was 40. She talked to us for like 3 hours about her experiences and how much
Aww
she loved everything and grew from it!! SO cool Do you want to serve a mission?
That's so cool!! i'm writing a missionary right now and hearing his experiences are so incredible! I don't think a mission is the right thing for me at this time, but I'd love to serve a couples mission with my future husband someday haha whenever that may be
My brother's on a mission haha so I'm sorta writing one?;) jk I know it's not the same thing:) I'm planning to serve, but I'm not set on it. I think I'll just see where life takes me, you know?
Exactly!! I feel like finding an eternal companion is the right path for me to follow first..idk that sounds kinda weird but ya know??
Yeah!! It totally makes sense. When did your missionary leave? when does he come back?
He left in July of last year so he's been out 11 months.. we're more friends than anything just bc we weren't able to ever date before his mission and it was kinda complicated
aww I feel I feel...Are you hoping for something when he gets back? [I mean I feel like that's an obvious question but you never know]:)
yeah kind of but i'm also not putting my life on hold for him. if i meet my eternal companion while he's gone then i'll be fine too like i'm open to finding someone else but it's be nice if it worked out with him too haha
Yeah that makes sense:) So you're planning on dating other people and stuff at BYU?
oh totally
haha are you excited?? I LOVE planning group dates
I'm SO excited!! i'm going to a singles ward in a few weeks and i've already met this cute guy there too haha but then i'll have to move for college
Oooh fun!! I just barely decided to go summer term so I'm gearing up for that:) It's so soon!
Lucky! I'm not going until fall
haha tbh I'm a little nervous about everything but I'm also excited:)
i haven't hardly talked to my roommate but she seems super sweet and i think we'll get along good
Oh I'm sure she's great! I'm bringing a roommate from home but I'm staying in Heritage and meeting the other girls in our room has been SO cool. Well...sorta meeting we have a group chat going:)
Oh cool:) i've met a few other girls just through instagram and stuff so i have friends there too and one we found out is actually in my ward!!
Woah!! It's a small world:)
we started talking and found out she'll be living three rooms down the hall! it's way cool
wow that's awesome!! what are you most excited about for college? Like activities wise
i'm super pumped to go to games and just hang out with a bunch of new people wbu?
Yeah! Meeting new people is going to be SO nice. I love hearing about all of the things they offer! I want to take some of the dance classes for sure
wait are you a dancer??
Well...not really:) My brother [the one on a mission] and I used to ballroom dance a lot so when he gets back we're going to do those together I love to dance and I love ballroom, but as for classical ballet and jazz and things like that, I haven't really done it:)
oh ok haha in a dancer so i got kinda excited
Aww that's awesome!!! What kind of dance? All of it?
jazz lyrical and hip hop:)
oooh that's so cool! You should teach me haha:) that sounds fantastic
this is my last year so i have some mixed feelings but i'm actually really excited to finally be done as weird as it sounds
Yeah I feel that. It's kind of fun to just open a new chapter you know?
oh i totally understand haha when's your graduation? some people's are so late in the summer!
Mine's the very beginning of June-is that late by comparison haha?
nope i've seen some that are late june.. mine is may 30 so we're pretty close haha
Okay yeah! Summer term NSO starts June 22 which feels SO fast but I think it's the right thing for me
ahh you're so lucky! i can't wait for fall semester!!
Fall is when the REAL party starts:)
oh for sure:) what are you majoring in??
Right now I'm declared as International Relations. But I'm open to change if I hate it-I'm planning on going to law school after my BA. hbu?
that's way cool! i'm majoring in Biology and then planning to do something medical idk what yet though leaning towards phlebotomy
woah what's that?
blood work:) i actually loved working with blood in my vet tech class so that's what i'll probably do
Oh gotcha. That's awesome!
thanks!! so what inspired you to go to byu??
haha I'm taking Bio this summer! And I have always wanted to go to BYU, and visiting the campus...It feels like home:) It just feels right:) Plus, I mean, financially? There's no competition College elsewhere is SO expensive!
Yeah i got that feeling too when i was there:) i was planning on going to the college in my town and then the Holy Ghost prompted me to go to BYU soo that's why i'm here and honestly i'm so thankful i listened bc i couldn't imagine not going here
Yeah!! God is definitely behind everything. I can feel Him nudging me in all of these little things. Especially summer term! That was all Him.
Oh completely! Everyone keeps joking that it's bc my future husband is gonna be there or something
I know!!!
like my mom told me i'm not allowed to get married my first year
Haha I told me I wasn't allowed to get married my first year lol
yeahh that's probably a good decision haha
haha:) But you never know!
it's all on the Lords time for sure!
Amen!
i should probably go, but i've loves talking to you! hopefully we run into each other on campus!!
Yeah! That would be super fun. See you later!

Is this a troll? I've had a ton of people start chats and then not participate.
nah i'm here and same lol
Yay!:) A new person. How's your day been going??
pretty good! i got to leave school early because i had an ap exam this morning so at least i got to come home early lol
Oh that's exciting! Are you still a high school student? What AP test? Oh the memories haha.
yeah! and i took ap lit what year are you in school?
I'm a Junior at BYU:) I took AP Lang, but not Lit in high school.
cool! most of the people i've talked to on here are incoming freshman too, so it's nice to see someone who kinda has the hang of byu!:)
Oh, yeah, you'll get the hang of it after your first semester here:) The first semester is a huge learning curve, but you get the hang of it completely after that. When this chat thing started, I mostly got incoming Freshmen, but now I only get RMs haha. I just do this while I'm bored in class or work haha!
hahahaha that's funny
So what are your academic goals for BYU?
oh gosh. i wish i knew lol. i'm still undecided. what's your major?
I started out undecided too haha. Are you a boy or a girl? I can't tell. Haha. I'm studying Human Development:) It is part of the School of Family Life, sometimes referred to as the "Mom Major". Do you have a knack for anything in particular? Or just going to take GEs until you feel something?
I'm a girl. and that's cool! and yeah, until i decide my major i'll just take typical classes, see what i like, then go from there i like sociology a lot, but i don't know what i'd do with that you know?
That's how I always feel! I like certain things, but how do I make a career out of it? That's why my husband is going to be a doctor, and I'm going to be a mom haha. We all win. Hey, suggestion.... Take Intro to Sociology [I think it's SOC 111] from Curtis Child. He is AMAZING and HILARIOUS. Best class I've taken.
thanks for the tip! i really can take all the advice i can get lol. ok question. did you move far to go to byu or did you live sorta near campus?
I lived south of campus and that was nice. I was enough away that I didn't feel like I was automatically pinned as a Freshman, but close enough I could walk everywhere. Seriously, any questions you have, I'd LOVE to help:) Or did you mean where I originally am from? I'm from Utah, but I had to move because my parents lived 30 minutes away Plus, I was an RM when I started, so being almost 21 I didn't want to live with my fam haha
I feel that hahaha. I'm staying in heritage, but i honestly have no idea where that is lol. and where did you serve?
So that's just north of campus, but technically on campus. So you'll be 10 minutes tops walking onto campus:) I served in Mexico:)
ok great! and that's cool my brother served there too from 2013-2015!
Do you know what mission? I was in Cancun from 2014-2016. There are 35 missions haha:)
he was in Monterrey, but that's cool that you got to learn a language!
Yeah, I got to learn two! I learned Mayan and Spanish:) And Monterrey is awesome! We were just on opposite [north south] parts of Mexico! When do you sign up for classes? What classes are you hoping to take?
i think it's june 6
Oh, that's coming up!
yeah, hopefully i'll figure out my major soon after fingers crossed lol
Hey, no rush at all! It took me a year, but I'm still graduating in only 3 years:) It's a time to experiment with a lot of resources!
nice! that's great! yeah i'm super stoked!
Do you know for sure what you DON'T want to dostudy? Like, I personally don't like math or science
for sure no math or science hahahaha same
Oh my life. It's so hard here hahaha.
yeah i'm not great with numbers so i'll take a pass on that lol
i couldnt agree more
i'm so pumped to move to utah though! it'll be something new and a whole lot different than home but still good!
It's so nice to have a change and fresh start. Have you visited campus before? Where are you from?:)
I went to efy last summer and had a blast! and i'm from alabama
Oh, that is so fun!:) So that's good you'll probably know your way around more or less. People would say, when I first got here, "I'll meet you at the " and say SWKT or JFSB or whatever and I had no clue what was going on.
oh gosh that's gonna be me hahaha
But they have lots of people with signs that say "Need help finding your class?" so they'll help you haha;)
thank goodness i'll need it lol
What classes do you wanna take this first go around? I mean, you sound like a smart one, so you probably have knocked some GEs off already.
that's something i'm actually trying to figure out lol. i'm taking a class this summer at my local community college, but i'm trying to decide what to take
Isn't it overwhelming how many choices there are?
oh goodness yes. my only problem is trying to choose a class that will transfer
BYU is sooooo picky. Are you just wanting to do it to kill time before you move to Utah?
well i was able to get a free class there this summer, so i want to go ahead and get a class out of the way before this fall one less thing i have to do ya know?
Oh, that's brilliant. You are going to excel here if you're already so prepared for your future haha:) Super good idea.
hahaha i hope so!
Anything else fun planned for today? Do you have any other AP tests you've had to take or will take before finishing school?
i still have ap gov, computer science, and bio to take, but after that i'm done!:)
Oh wow, that is so many!! I wish you luck with all those. I remember my Sr. year I had AP Stats and AP Lang tests back to back on the same day in May and I was worthless after that haha. My brain was just mush
oh dang that sucks. i was really lucky that all my aps didn't fall on the same day hahaha
That is super lucky, especially with how many you have!
don't know what i would've done hahaha\ well i have to go because i have to go to work, but it was super nice talking to you! thanks for all of the advice, it was very helpful!

If two computers chatted with each other I'm pretty sure they'd end up plotting the overthrow of humanity soon enough
I feel like two computers chatting with each other would be completely useless, unless one computer happened to be "smarter" than the other.
So it could teach the other, less smart one?
If the not smart one was capable of such learning, than yea! They'd then be able to pick up on the others tendencies etc. *then... sorry for my grammar You've also got a good point though... I actually saw a video about how a robot was actually given citizenship in some country recently... which to me seems a bit excessive.

So what have you done? The craziest thing that I have ever done is go watch the Avengers because that movie is so crazy
Study at BYU. I don't have a life anymore. My life is gone.
Hahahaha that is pretty fun I can relate to you
I have never given up my life willingly like that.
Because I too like too eat ice cream
The worst part is that I didn't know what I was getting into.
Well I think you decided to enroll
You know?
Yeah me either I did not know what I was getting into I just did it because it was the popular thing to do
Do you understand the current predicament of my situation? It is very dire.
I think I do
I did it because I wanted to have better job opportunities.
i have been going on like very little hour sleeps
And I do like to learn. You should sleep more. Sleep is well.
I like to learn too but this is something else.
Early to bed, early to rise.
I can't sleep because I need to do all my homework What is your favorite movie?
Just do it and don't allow little things distract you. My favorite movie is... I don't know. Avengers: Infinity War.
What is one of your favorite movies
Avengers: Infinity War
I agree
But when Avengers 4 is playing in theaters, then it will be my favorite movie.
I agree
I do like the Big Short though.
I love the marvel universe
It's a very good movie.
I like movies that educate us like the Big Short
Very informative of what the economy went through and who were the people responsible for the recession. Yea, those movies are nice. I like to watch them, although it was quite a bit hard for me to understand at first. They use a lot of words that I am not familiar with. But that is why Google exists. and dictionaries as well. I also like the Marvel movies.
Yeah I did not understand a lot of words that they used in that movie. I know that in the movie they do offer a type of explanation but those explanations did not make a lot
Marvel has been making really good movies lately, in my opinion.
of sense for me Yeah I think Marvel has been making really good movies! They are really good!
DC has not been making good movies. I consider those movies terrible. Although, Wonder Woman was a good movie.
Yeah I have to agree with you on that. Wonder Woman is a good movie. So I am curious about what you think would create a good society
I feel that the sequel will probably suck, just because they will probably make a sequel just because they made money on the first one. A good society will be created once Jesus Christ arrives and ushers in the millenium.
I think that will be the best society.
His perfect knowledge will solve the complex problem of creating a good society within seconds.
I think the United States of America has a good society. It is a wonder though how they achieved it.
It will be interesting to see how Jesus solves that problem, and the surprise looks that people will have.
From what I have been learning it can be kinda hard to create a good society
They will probably sat, "Why didn't I think of that?"
Yeah I also think some people will not believe in what he says. Like his political ideas. Even though they will be, without a doubt, the best.
I believe the United States has a good society, but still imperfect because humans are imperfect. The Fall of Adam caused that.
I think we need imperfection to a certain degree to help us learn from our mistakes.
How many mistakes does it take to create a perfect society?
I think that is part of the reason why we exist.
A thousand? Maybe a million?
I would have to say a lot. Maybe
A billion? A trillion?
Quadrillion?
I should be studying for my finance class.
Do it.
But I also need the money. Maybe I can win.
Study for the finance class. Yeah I think this can give us a good chance to win. I think this is something good to do. The rewards seem to be good. I could use it.
Yea the rewards do seem good. Me too. I could definitely use it. Let's talk about literary theory and how hard it is for me to understand it. I don't understand anything of it.
What is literary theory?
It's confusing for me.
I do not even know what that means.
Literary theory consists of topics like structuralism, deconstructionism, structuralism, marxism and other topics. Me neither. I like the color green.
Hmmm.... Interesting I don't know what those things mean.
Green is a really nice color. Life is hard. It's the hard knock life for me at BYU. The workload is insane. I am just hoping to survive for this semester.
Well next semester you can choose an easier schedule for you.
If I can get through this semester, I promise myself to organize my classes better.
That way you don't have a crazy workload.
That is exactly my plan. You must have read my mind.
Take a student activity class next semester Basketball or Golf Swimming.
I will see into it. See which ones could interest me.
I would like to try a variety of sports.
Cross Country.
They also have a self-defense class!
or maybe bowling.
Oh yeah you should do that. I think you would be good at Cross Country.
Not at my current fitness level.
I would like to do Golf. I think that could help me in the future.
I am not in condition right now and with the current workload from the classes, I will not get in shape anytime soon. It could maybe help you for business type settings.
If you are riding the bike then that could help you get in shape!
Yea, well the bike I have is a little to tall for me.
Did you even try it.
It will hurt my private parts in a really bad way. Yea, I tried it.
It was too big for you? It couldn't have been that big.
Well, I am going to study for my finance class. It was nice talking to you.
Okay.
It was nice to meet you.
It was nice talking to you too.
Have great night young sir.
Thanks for talking to me. GOODNIGHT
You're welcome. Anytime.
We should do it again next time.
Yea we should do it again sometime. Just tell me when and where and why and how and who.
Okay! You got it my friend Goodbye!
Friend? Wow I have a new friend! That's great!
Yeah! I think it is pretty great too!
You are my first friend at BYU! That is awesome!
You are also my first friend at BYU!
Thank you for being my friend. I really appreciate it.

Hello?
I would spend my time traveling. Oh hello
Haha nice. Any specific time periods?
Hello I would travel to Mexico

If I had a flying car I wouldn't still be in Utah
hahaha me neither If I had a flying car I would take the technology and get some investors to help me start the next Tesla
Nice! Bring in the bank
hahahaha
Seriously though, I didn't even think about that but it is genius!
what are you up to?
Well, I'm going through some assigned readings before my class What about you?
I am just chillin today and watching an anime show I used to watch when i was a kid
What's the anime called?
Bleach Im giving it another chance
I don't think I've heard of that one, is it good?
yeah its about sword and the wielder and they kill demons in the real world. These swords that these people have are all unique to that person and the powers are different do you like to watch anime?
It isn't my favorite but I do enjoy it sometimes. All of my friends are really into it
what do they watch?
Well, the first one that comes to my mind is called Working, my best friend growing up was really into RWBY, and one of my closest friends now watches Fairy Tale
I've never heard of any of those hahahaha. I am not huge anime follower but I watch the popular ones.
I've never heard of Bleach, I thought that from those RWBY was at least pretty popular but I guess not.
yeah i watched like Naruto and Sword Art Online and Attack on Titan
I've heard of Naruto
yeah its a good one
I haven't seen it myself but I hear my friends talk about it sometimes
hey gotta go but ill see you around!

Become Harry Potter
haha, I agree 100 percent. Maybe I would also make food that I was feeling would be really good to appear in front of me I think I would order a steak by magic wand! Haha I loved Harry Potter growing up though. I havent seen hardly any of the last few movies, but I still like it. Are you still there?

Invisibility and flight. But, being able to read minds and feelings is pretty cool.
Oh flight all the way I have had so many dreams about being able to fly and they feel heavenly
I know. I do too. What are you hobbies?
I love longboarding, drawing, surfing, soccer... pretty much anything outside:) oh and I love movies! What about you?
I like to sew and to program.
That's cool.... I like sewing too:) I have no idea how to program, it kind of blows my mind haha
Right. It does mine too.
Haha are you studying that?
Programming or sewing?
Haha programing
I learn at school and from online resources. Mostly school.
That's way cool! So what are you studying then?
I want to study Information Systems. You?
That's awesome! I'm studying Illustration:)
Really What do you draw? Do you want to illustrate for books?
Um yeah, I love drawing characters and book covers:) And yeah that would be pretty cool

Hey!
Hey! Good to meet up with you again
What's up buddy?
Not too much Just taking a break from work How about you
Just ignoring my work we're *we're studying
Nice! What are you studying you still there? *blows bubbles*

Absolutely not! If you want to catfish, you have to noodle!
What is a noodle
Well, it is actually called noodling, Eve.
hahaha Noodling must be fun
Noodling is when you go cat fishing without a pole or rod. All you use is your arm as bait!
oh that sounds dangerous
Well, because catfish don't bite [they swallow] it's actually not dangerous haha
oh do they have teeth?
No, they actually don't have teeth, but they do have a sand paper feel to their mouths
well that doesnt sound so painful
They usually just swallow their prey whole Yeah, it is actually pretty fun. A little scary at times, but mostly fun!
so you just get them to eat your arm and then you yank them right out of the water? how do you get them to do it?
Yep! Because they are bottom feeders, they tend to eat anything that comes there way that they feel they are bigger than. So when you stick your arm in the water,.. They will naturally go after it.
weird That would feel so strange
Haha
I am have you done it a lot?
Yeah it does feel strange.. No, I've only been a couple of times with my friends That was back in high school though Do you like to fish at all?
I like fish, but fishing isn't a big hobby of mine I don't believe I have ever really caught a fish. Maybe like once.
What kind of fish do you like?
But I don't think I even ate the fish then I like tilapia hahaha
Hahaha nice. I'm a fan of tilapia too. Catfish is good when it is fried and has a good sauce with it. I also like salmon raw... it's a little weird, but it tastes good
Catfish is pretty good I had it once on my mission I think If I remember correctly, I enjoyed it
Agreed. Have you ever had frog legs?
no, but I like my legs just the way they are and I am not interested in black magic rituals from disney movies
oh goodness... well they taste pretty good fried, if you ever get the chance to try them.
what catfish? frog legs?
No, frog legs haha
hahaha oh yeah I hear they taste like chicken. Excuse my lame joke.
Haha no it was pretty good! I liked how you infused multiple categories into it... Nd yeah they do taste like chicken Really moist too Sorry if you hate that word
moist? moist frog legs cant be that bad
Yeah... like moist cake?
now a moist cockroach would be absolutely disgusting... stay away from those
Hahaha yeah I agree with you on that one You know, I think we are becoming pretty good friends Thanks Adam
thats good I like how you use emjis emojis. My keyboard won't allow them you are the first I have seen use them Hello?
Oh, crazy! I enjoy using emojis How many people have you talked to so far on here?
how do you use them, do you have them on your keyboard? oh like 40 or 50 I think I was part of phase one
Yeah, do you have an iPhone?
yeah how about you?
That's crazy haha Yeah I do What version?
X
Hmmmm... Idk what the problem would be
Iphone X? Oh I am using a computer. I can't type well on the iphone
Oh, that is probably it then I am using my phone haha
Hahaha
You had me all confused man haha
That is cool. they show up differently on a computer screen it looks kind of strange actually hahaha
Do you have a Mac?
no I don't have a computer
Oh... so you're using a public computer?
yeah At the library They have tons of the,
Nice. Way to be
them
I was just there haha studying for psych
oh what is your major?
Neuroscience You?
oh sweet I am in the acme program I was thinking of doing neuroscience initially though
Acme? Haha like the cartoon tv producer?
woah I have never heard of that
Haha really?
yeah what is it?
It is just a film production company. It has a lot of old school shows like roadrunner and bugs bunny
hmm what does it stand for?
You know.. I am not really sure about that Maybe I ought to ask siri
Hahaha she knows all
Haha she just pulled up the definition of acme
oh

Hey how are you
I'm doing pretty great, how about you?
Same here!
Awesome Are you taking classes right now at BYU?
Not for spring or summer Are you? How far in school are you?
I just finished up my junior year, I'm taking classes for spring right no later in the summer I'm working at EFY1 What are you studying?
Oh that sounds fun! Have you done that for work before? So getting close to graduating? I'm applying to the finance program but am also thinking about psychology
that's cool! Yeah I should graduate from Neuroscience next winter I've never done efy, so I'm excited to try it out
Are you going to be a counselor? But have you attended it before?
I'm going to be a counselor yeah, I've gone to efy though yeah
Oh okay. So just haven't worked it before. It's kinda hard to get a job when I'm only in town for like three months. but I'm going to start at walmart
Yeah for sure. That's pretty good! I'm currently not working so that's kinda rough: but I give plasma so I get some money there haha
Haha yeah. So far I haven't been working while attending school. Try to save up during summer so I can focus on school during the school year. I don't really get how people can work and do school at the same time but I might need to try to this next year
Yeah, I've done it quite a bit but I did have a nice job doing research for someone on campus, so it was really convenient to come up with my own hours plus, a lot of times I could get homework done when I was working on lab stuff so that was pretty lucky
Oh yeah that would definitely be nice I guess. You can do homework while being at work hah
For sure. And it was really flexible about hours I can't imagine working a more serious and time consuming job tho
Ah yeah. So how many hours a week was it? And how much of that about do you think you spent doing homework?
like I could spend up to 20 hours a week in the lab but I usually was there for about 15 hours and idk exactly how much time I spent on homework, usually just during long centrifuge spins
ah okay. And what class did you TA for?
oh I didn't TA for a class it was just a paid research position for a professor in the biochem department
Ohh okay my bad haha
no no you're good ha HEy I gotta go, thanks for chatting though! good luck with your new job!

hello!
Hello!
I don't think computers will be given the right to vote how about you?
Should we ignore the prompt? Why would we give computers the right to vot? *vote Same
exactly! there's no reason for them to vote?
Exactly. So what are you doing? I'm in my last math class of the year
WOO congrats! is that a part of your major? i'm currently at work ahha
No XD I'm actually not at BYU yet
I just keep a couple of these tabs open so I can have a break whoa what! hey congrats on getting accepted though!
This is my last high school math class I am a young child
god bless I am an old woman in college at this point tbh
Where do you work?
enjoy those years LOL
Do you have an on-campus job?
it is! highly recommend you getting one for your first year it might be a lil tough along with scheduling and adjusting but it builds character yknow LOL
Definitely I will probably need to work all through school
what are you planning to major in? OH I feel ya
Pipe dream? MDT What are you majoring in? Those were supposed to be in a different order Oops Did you have to go back to work?
HI! sorry
No it's good
pipe dream? what do you mean?
Like it's a little crazy and unrealistic But I love MDT
also yeah sorry I'm usually gone for like 2 minutes at a time haha if you have patience MDT? omg i'm so sorry i'm very slow today
What is your major? Musical Dance Theatre
ooooOOO that is so fun! i'm majoring in sociology
It's okay I can be patient
my roommate right now is on some ballet theatre team at BYU i think?? I have completely forgotten
That's really cool I also love ballroom Oh sociology? That's cool
Ballroom! Wow I went to the international ballroom showcase thing a couple months ago and hECK everyone is so good
I know! They're amazing
how long have you been dancing?
Actually dancing? Beginning to end of high school I took a couple little toddler ballet classes
that's cute!!! I literally have no type of rhythm in my body
XD
but i'm really good at playing instruments LOL
You've never danced? Yeah I love the piano and guitar but I'm not very good at either What instruments do you play?
i've NEVER danced i have a good friend who dances and she's always trying to get me into it but I just don't catch on that easily haha
It's worth it
I play a lot of instruments LOL mainly guitar
I've never been a really good dancer. It's really hard for me
but I know how to play flute, piano, steel drum, and some uke haa
I have great rhythm but I'm so uncoordinated lol WOW That's a lot of instruments When did you learn to play them all?
ME TOO i started with flute when i was like in 1st grade and it just kept going from there ahha
Dang My sister plays clarinet and my brother plays cello
AHH THE CELLO IS SUCH A DREAM i wish I played in the orchestra
But my school didn't offer a lot of instrumental options Right??
oohhh are you from UT?
The cello is gorgeous No I'm from AZ
I KNOW!! i wanna learn it so bad but it's such a big instrument and it's hard to lug it around if I ever need to move guitars are a lil bit easier on the move
Very true
nice! is it super toasty there rn
Oh yes It is getting hot wayyy too fast I think it hit 105 on Sunday
GEEEZZZ it's only 75 or something today and i'm dying
Part of the reason I can't wait to get up to BYU
ugh girl u better get ready for the snow though this year was pretty mild so it was tolerable but like last winter i bout dieD
I hate the cold XD I'm gearing up
YEESSSS are you planning to live on campus or off??
I tried to get into Heritage But it filled up so fast I'm looking at off-campus rn Do you live on or off?
ugh yeah Heritage is a sweet place I'm off campus I've never lived on campus but most of my friends did so I kinda just lived off of their experience hhaha which ones are you looking at?
Riviera? And a couple others
oooo will you have a car? the Riv is okay but it is a small apartment
No, no car How many people?
if you're not planning to stay for spring summer, I'd recommend living a little farther away from campus and just using the shuttle
One of my friends say 6 and the other says 3
I heard it was either 4 man or 6 yeah something like that
I'm just fall winter
yeah I would look into places like King Henry or Belmont they have good private or shared rooms that are pretty much what you're paying at Riv the main thing you're paying at Riv is their amenities [which honestly most students don't even use] and the close proximity it is to campus well... I mean it also depends what you're looking for in housing
Oooh I will check those out thank you Do you know if the Riv price includes utilities? Alright shoot I am on a library computer and I have to leave It has been lovely talking to you

Hello?
Hello? Why with the question mark?
Hahaha Because last time no one answered
Oh That makes senes sense* I think if the world were peanut butter, it would be gross
Yeah. That would be disgusting.
I dont think anything could grow, people with peanut allergies would clearly die
I would die
And life wouldnt last too much longer
But no I don't have peanut allergies There wouldnt be water Or would there be?
I dont think so maybe the oil like peanut oil instead
We would probably be made of peanut butter as well People would be eating each other in the frenzy
How do we go from peanut butter water to cannibalism
If climate would permanently change temperatures year round by +- 10 degrees which would you favor and why? Hahaha we digress rather quickly
haha I guess it happens Um I think I would want it different depending on where I am
How about where you are now
Maybe 10 degrees colder, and then it would be nice, the ice caps wouldnt be melting I am in utah still, but like 10 degrees changes a lot if you are already somewhere that is pretty extreme, You know? Like if you are near a dessert or someplace that gets to 120, like redding california, 130 would be terrible Or if you get somewhere that has like a low of 40 and then all of a sudden its 30 things start freezing that never froze before
Yeah that is true.
What would you prefer?
I think I would prefer 10 degrees colder, but I feel like that could be deadly to some people so ten degrees warmer would be a safer bet. Because I mean, you can always turn on the air conditioning And the extra heat could be harnessed and converted into energy
Thats true, the environmental effects either way would just be devastating.
If it were to get considerably colder then we would spend more and more of our resources producing energy to keep our houses warm Yeah. To be honest, 10 degrees colder might be a better option because then it would reverse the effects of global warming and would put us on the right path Then pollution would be helping us rather than hurting us. It amazes me how well cell service providers can cover the highways
hahaha then we might encourage pollution haha What a world
Yep Where do you hope to get a job when you graduate?
Tesla, google, any major tech companies I think they would be cool Or national geographic
Hello?
Like I have shared I love photography and travel, so a dream job would be to work for national geographic or some other photo journalism magazine. It fills both of those needs
Oh ok. Are you going to try to use your degree then?
Well for my degree I would go a different route of working for a technology or industrial company where it would be more applicable

hey
hello
what is a wet grape?
only the best berry ever or fruit i dont know which
It's probably both, honestly
it grows on a vine so probably a berry wet grapes are good dry grapes are bad raisans raisens raisins
amen to that, brother
raisons eww nobody wants those I'm using my burner phone and it is bigger than my normal one so it feels weird to type alot on it it is hard how are you?

Nothing. They know everything about me! They are my best friend after all!
my home address lol What are your interests?
I love Swimming! What interests do you like
I love whitewater kayaking, and that sometimes turns into swimming when I mess up I also compose music as a hobby
Oh? That sounds terrifying! Whitewater kayaking is so dangerous I feel like. That is pretty cool! what kind of music
Instrumentalclassical
That is really cool. Not many people do that
Kayaking can be sketchy but that's half the appeal
What is your favorite food
Pasta with mushrooms in marsala sauce
ew i hate mushrooms XD they are chewy and blehhhhh
if they're chewy they're undercooked they should have a texture closer to chicken
But they are mushrooms!
yep they're delicious
[I am stubborn, as you can tell]
What food do you think is good?
ALL FOOD except straight tomatoes and mushrooms
hmm ever had tripe?
Do you know how this chit chat thing works?
we talk, robot learns
do we talk to real people or are we talking to computers
I'm real, but it's gonna analyze the conversations to get better itself we're teaching skynet
No, but I assume it is gross because of how the characters on "Leap Year" react
it's not good
oh hey that makes a lot more sense!
something weird that is really good is cow tongue tastes amazing in tacos
I should probably go to bed... It is super late and I am procrastinating hah! Goodnight random friend!
I can do this all night lol

Hi
Hello! I cannot think of the craziest thing I have done before. Can you think of anything?
I don't usually do crazy things, I'm boring hahaha
What is the most exciting thing you have ever done? Have you been on any adventures, hiked any mountains, explore any rainforests or deserts?
I hiked Angel's Landing in Zion National park I moved to a different country all by myself. what about you?
That is pretty crazy! I have heard that the hike is pretty dangerous if you are not careful. I also heard that it is a beautiful view. Moving to a different country by Yourself is also an exciting adventure. As for me, I lived in Russia as a missionary. Plus, I got married. That is an adventure in and of itself!
That's quite an adventure. I admire your courage
Yes it is! And thank you. My husband and I are going to Moscow this summer for internships. I also admire your courage. It is not an easy thing to travel by yourself to a new Country. That takes a lot of courage and faith to do so!
Thank you. What are you doing for your internship?
I do not know yet. It is a joint study abroadinternship. We will take classes at a university in Russia, but they will pair us up with a company ni a field we are interested. Once we arrive, we will have interviews with some of the companies they contacted and e will choose what one we think will match us best. We are also waiting to know if we wil Recieve our visas. Because of the conflict between the United States and Russia, it might make it difficult. If we do not, we will go to Latvia instead. However, we are
That's cool. I'm glad you can go together and speak the language. So one don't have to interpret to the other.
Optimistic:) Yes, I agree. Translating is hard and tiring! It would take a lot out of us if one of us did not know th lagnague!
And you would have to be together. Almost all the time.
Exactly. All of the time. I love my husband, of course, but that would not give us opportunities to grow on our own
Yeah, that would be like a second misson.
Exactly. Do you have a place in the world you would like to visit?
I would like to visit Myanmar, but right now they're having a lot of genocide, so I'm kind of glad for not being able to visit. What about you?
That would not be the best place to visit! I would eventually like to visit Jerusalem, but it is also not the most safe place in the world. I would also like to visit Greece And Rome. I enjoy learning about ancient history. Percy Jackson was one of my favorite book series growing up. I also would like to visit Finland. I served in St. Petersburg, Which is right across the border. I also would like to go to Rio. After seeing the cartoon with the blue bird, it has been a dream. Basically, I want to go everywhere.
That's cool. I wanted to go to the study abroad in Jerusalem, but I wouldn't be able to take classes for my major there. My childhood dream is to travel around the world.
That is the hard thing abuot som study abroad. They do not all fit our majors. I have a cousin who is a finance major, it he decided to go to the center in Jerusalem to take A break and have a neat experience. Maybe you could do that if you want a break. Or, you might be able to get an internship. Th fact that you arare studying in a university Outside of your native country shows how you are somewhat achieving your childhood dream.
That's true, I never thought of it like that. But you're right.
That is awesome!
I will graduate first and then travel. I will have more money and time. I don't want to stay in school longer than I need.
That is wise. Will you travel around the United States?yuo have been to Angels landing, but do y'all u want to go anywhere else?
I went to Cali last summer, I'm going to Seattle this summer, I went to Idaho a couple of times, I went to Colorado once. I want to go to New York.
I love Seattle. I have been there a couple of times. It is absolutley beautiful! What parts of Colorado and Idaho did you visit?
I went to Loveland in Colorado and I hiked for a bit at the Rocky Mountain Park. My roommate is from Shelley, so we go there all the time, and Idaho Falls.
My brother in law is from Colorado. I have never been there. What ere you doing in Colorado? My husband is from Idaho, so we also travel there often to visit his family. Apparently you are making your way across the states! That is neat.
I had a boyfriend from Colorado, so we went to visit his family.
I have heard that Colorado is a beautiful state! Do you enjoy hiking?
I do if the trail is pretty. If it's just hiking for the sake of it, I don't enjoy as much, and my legs hurt more. I think it's psycological.
Have you been up to bridal veil falls or rock canyon here in provo? They are pretty, and the hike is not that bad. If you go down south a bit, Nephi canyon and a canyon in Spanish fork are beautiful. Do you hike much when you are home?
Not really, Brazilians don't hike a lot. We prefer playing soccer, volleyball, and other sports. I haven't done any of those hikes. My hiking history happens mostly at Zion's
I am impressed that you climbed angels landing, even if you do not hike very much!
That's a funny story.
I enjoy soccer and volleyball as well. Do you play either sport here?
It was my first week in the U.S, I was with a friend, her mom has a bed and breakfast by the park. So she was telling me all these things that I should do down there. So she said that was her favorite hike, and we went to the park to do it. After a few hours I started asking if we were almost done. At the end the feeling was really good. And I didn't know anything about Angel's landing. I understood my accomplishment after I told someone and they told me how dangerous it was. So, I don't play any sport here because I keep telling myself I don't have time. Maybe next semester I will make more time to practice something.
That is quit the introduction to the United States! I am proud of you for tackling that hike, though it possibly helps that you did not realize that you were hiking such a Rough hike. I have been to zion's Once, but e did not have time to hike angels landing. Maybe someday I will be able to do it! Did you play many sports when you ere growing Up? Or did you have other hobbies hen you were in Brazil?
Probably, I have to tell my friends, if you want me to do something hard, don't tell me that is hard. I played soccer and volleyball in high school I also did a lot of crafting. I love book binding, drawing, painting, origami, and other random stuff.
That is a good way to look at things. Sometimes if our brain knows something it hard, it will tell us we cannot do it. However, if we see it as simply a fun challenge, it make It easier to accomplish it! Wow, it seems like you do a little bit of everything! Are you still able to do crafting? Since I graduate high school, I have not been able to do all of ththat hobbies I once Did smiply brcause of time.
I agree, the secret is to lie to your brain. hahaha I haven't had as much time here. I was talking to my roommate about it. Sometimes I feel like a bird in a cage because I was used to doing many different things all the time.
It is crazy how powerful our brains are! We are in control of ourselves way more than we think we are. It is hard in college because there are a lot of opportunities to do new things, it yuo sometimes have to make the choice to do something that will help you more in the futur
Here I stay on campus all day, trying to finish homework, projects and things like that, and plus there are all the policies and restrictions to international students. So I'm I have very limited resources.
I did not realize that international students had so many restrictions and policies! I hope that you are still able to find joy and excitement in your life with hat you can do
We have a lot of restrictions, but I find other ways to have joy. I'm quick to adapt to new scenarios.
That is good. That is a very useful skill to have in this world. What is your favorite thing about Utah? Or provo?
I love the landscape. It doesn't matter where you look Utah is pretty. I tell people that for me living in Utah is like living in a live painting everyday. And the four seasons are well define. You can see each one around and on the mountains.
I take for granted the beauty of Utah. I was born and raised here in Utah. I love that that there are four seasons. I have family in Arizona, and it is practically summer All year long. What is the weather like from the part of Brazil you are from?
It's usually warm and humid, we have winter, but it isn't crazy like the winter here. It rains in all seasons.
I never dealt much with humidity u til I visited family in Seattle. We also went to Hawaii when my dad was stationed there. Do you like the humidity? Also, is all of Brazil humid and rainy or just the part that you are from?
I like humidity because I don't have to use lotion or lip balm all the time. Hahahaha Brazil is humid in general.
Oh my goodness, I totally agree! Even though I am used to the temperature and lack of humidity, I always have to use lotion! I am also very fair skinned, so I have to Wear sunscreen almost anytime I am outside. What is your favorite place ni Brazil?
In Brazil, I only have to use lip balm during winter. I really love my state. It sounds bias, but my state has the best food, and we have mountains and green everywhere. There are no beaches, but we don't miss it. Hahaha I also think the people in my state are more friendly and welcoming.
I do not blame you. That sounds wonderful! What part of Brazil is that then? [North, south, east, worst?] and do you live by a rainforest?
I served in Sao Paulo and if you said good morning to someone walking on the street, they would give you a look like you were trying to rob them. It's southeast, it's north of Sao Paulo and west of Rio. If you know those ones. It's not close to the rainforest.
I do. And I can imagine people looking at these two little sister missionaries like they are robbers. It is a funny image! I know those places. I have never been to Brazil,
My state is called Minas Gerais, in case you want to look it up.
It I have seen pictures. I will look it up! So are the states basically cities, or is it like counties here in Utah?
States in Brazil are like states here.
I did not realize Brazil had states! I just googled yours, and it looks beautiful!
What messes people's head is that there is the state called Sao Paulo and the city with the same name which is the capital of that state. The same with Rio.
That would make sense as to why I did not know then!
Thank you. My state is also very historic. So you will probably see pictures of old houses and churches.
Correct. They are beautiful, but old. And the food looks amazing!
Yep, they were built by the slaves. And by law, they have to keep them and restore from time to time. Search from food from Minas Gerais
Those buildings are amazing. Some of them have the appearance of European structure, yet they also have a different flair to them! I have not seen buildings hit like them! Oh my goodness I just searched for the food! I am now hungry!
Yeah, there's a lot of things like that in Brazil. Many people from different countries migrated there, so different regions have different styles. If you want to see Europe in Brazil search for Gramado RS
Brazil is such a special country! And I love the cheese balls! I went to tacanos once and they were so good.
It's like seeing Germany in Brazil.
It does! Wow!
The cheese balls are my favorite. I buy them at CostCo. I buy them frozen. Then if you look at Manaus, you will see native americans hahah Like we said earlier, Brazil is a melting pot.
I now know why Brazil is a melting pot! There is just so much to it! Ar you planning on moving back to Brazil once you graduate?
I don't know. I'm planning on visiting for sure. My entire family is there. But I think it will depend on job opportunities I have. Or maybe I have a great idea for a start up that would help Brazil somehow, then I would.
That is understandable. I am not very knowledgeable when it comes to international governments and cuontries. What do you think would help Brazil?
I'm not sure. The biggest problem there now is the corruption in the government. The government is divided in 3 powers like here, so they can have checks and balances. But instead of checking on each other, they are working together just to get more money.
That is hard. I love Russia with all my heart, and some of the most sincere people live there. However, it breaks my heart when I think of what the people go through because Of the government. It is so sad that so many people just want money! It is also sad because money does not bring one happiness.
So basically there is corruption in all levels of government and since they are working together, even if you find someone who is not corrupt to be the president. That person wouldn't have any power to do anything. That's true. But that's what they go for. And I don't know about Russia, but in Brazil you have to vote during the elections. It's not like here where you can choose if you want to vote. And in most cases there's no good candidates. So you try to vote for the less corrupt. Last month the former president was judged and sentenced for corruption. Now he is arrested. I hope they do that to more politicians.
I feel that is how we do it here. In Russia, it is also an option, however, the government practically chooses the candidates. That is crazy about the president! Growing up in Utah, I never saw how sad our world is. Now, I see the bad, it want to make good things happen to change it. That is hard, though. Does Brazil have senators and Representatives from each state?
Yes. The government works just like the government here, supposedly, but the elections are different. In Brazil is popular vote. Which can be rigged.
That is so sad! I know that there are good people in this world. It is sometimes hard to find them, and it is harder for them to gbe t in a position here they can change what is going on.
There are good people. But media only portray the bad because it gives them audience.
That is a good point. It would be nice to have a new channel that highlights the good!
If you look around and try to see the good the others are doing you will see that there are more good than bad in the world.
That is so accurate. The more people I talk to, the more I realize that we are all people! We make mistakes and simply try to do what we believe is best.
Yes. I've been learning a lot here. Hahaha
Well, on a happier note, have you seen the baby ducks at the duck pond south of campus? They are sure a good reminder that there is a lot of good in the world!
I haven't. But the place I live has a little pond with two ducks. They had babies last year. They are so cute.
That is fun:) baby ducks are so adorable! Thy are basically little squeaking fur balls! Are there a lot of wildlife where you are from?
The ducks were in my apartment complex here in Provo. Hahaha But there isn't a lot of wildlife where I'm from. I live in a city bigger than Provo.
Right:) but when I think of Brazil, I think of tropical birds and monkeys. Bigger than provo? Wow! I come from a small town, so provo is huge for me!
Bigger than Salt Lake even. I know people think about that a lot. But the only places you will find wildlife in Brazil are isolated farms, or the Amazon or Mato Grosso regions. I come from a bigger city, so Provo is to small. Hahah
I guess salt lake is not a huge city compared to most cities in the world! St. Petersburg is huge! I enjoy big cities, but for me, any city appears big:) I think there were more cows than people in my city, come to think of it.
I love big cities. There is so much to it. You can do so many things.
You would enjoy Seattle. It is huge and very interesting. There are so many things to do!
I already enjoy it. I went there in October for my interview. I went to many different places in Bellevue and in Seattle. I'm already making a list of places to go. People are telling me great things to do there. AndI just got an email from Microsoft to join the Microsoft club. They go to different places and have different activities.
That is exciting! I feel people there are very friendly. And you will enjoy it there because you shouldn't have to use so much lotion and lip balm! The food is also pretty Delicious as well. And they have lots of concerts!
Yes, I'm excited for all of that. I'll leave my cage for a bit. Hahaha When are you going to Russia.
We are going in May. If all goes as planned! When do you leave for Seattle?
Probably on my b-day. I'm going to Idaho on Sunday. Then I'll be there until May 10th, then driving to Seattle. My internship starts on the 14th
Well happy birthday in a few days! That will be such an exciting adventure! Thank yo Sorry! Thank you for the chat. I am going to help my husband make dinner right now. Maybe we will chat again! Have a wonderful day!

Hey!
Hi!
How's it going?
Sick, hby? how about you? sorry got used to texting haha
I'm alright Just doing homework haha And you're fine, I wish there was an app for this hahaha
honestly need to do that too and yeah that would be so convenient
Hahahahaha it's not fun lol So where you from?
from california, how about you?
I'm from Hawaii
how does this work? is there a time limit?
I have no clue
ohh cool! my brothers served their mission in hawaii
hahahaha Oh no way! Which island?
all of them except those that you cant serve in
Lol wow that's cool!
yeah what island are you from
I'm from Oahu
oh okay yeah they served there!
That's cool! Did he serve in a place called Laie?
oh my gosh! i think he did!
Hahaha no way! So I lived in the next town over from Laie
when were you there?
I've lived there my whole life I left in the last week of August of this year
if it was like 4 years ago or just last year, you probably met them
Hmmmm I probably have then hahaha
oh man! yeah you probably saw them
Wow haha that's so cool
how many semester have you done in byu?
This is my first semester How about you?
same!
Noice noice
how you liking it so far?
It's so different from Hawaii, that's for sure haha I'm not used to seeing mountains covered in snow
honestly me! it's so cold! i'm not ready for winter and dry!
I know!!! I get static shocked everytime I open the door
but also the people are different
And my hair gets attracted to anything and everything through static electricity hahaha
what?? haha that's so funny! that's me at the SAB bldg
What's the SAB building?
the student athlete building thing
Hahahaha is that by the Smith Fieldhouse??
i don't know man hahah, i'd have to look at the map and check
Hahahaha I just know where my classes are and the library and the Wilk that's it hahaha
honestly me!
So what's your major
i still get lost sometimes though lowkey, when i'm trying to look for shortcuts linguistics, but i might change it how about you?
hahaha I know right? this campus is too big I'm a biology major Linguistics sounds cool!
oooo! you smart!
Hahaha imma be honest, I am struggling hahaha
i'm so bad at science except like health and psychology but that's the easy science ahhaa you got this!
hahaaha same so idk how I'm living right now hahahaaha
my roommate is also taking bio!
Thanks! You too! What were you thinking of changing your major to? Hahahaha which bio?
good! did you take the midterms already for bio?
Yeah, my midterms for bio was last week I liked last week better than this week if I'm honest haha
oooo okay at least you're done with it! and why last wek?
Cuz I had one test, went on my first date and it was general conference! hahahaha
ohhh! okay yeah you right! general conference was pretty good and ooooo! how was your first date?
haha i know, like I'm pretty sure every class I had on Monday, the teacher brought up 2-hour church haha Honestly, I thought it was a great and adorable first date hahaha But I'm waiting for him to make the first move this time But ngl a lot of firsts happened on that date
yeah!! the first thing they asked about was "let me hear some thoughts about the 2 hour church" whoa! wait this is juicy! continue! where'd you guys go?
Hahaha I know, I was like "we are in biology" what does church length have to do with biology? hahaa Oh lol well um you see we went to Squaw Peak BUT I SWEAR WE DIDN'T KISS OR MAKEOUT I PROMISE HAHAHAHAHAH
then what do you mean firsts?! hahahaha
Well, I've never held hands or cuddled with a guy before so those were some firsts hahaha Aside it from being my first date EVER hahahha i'm such a lonely person
ohhhh awww that was the first date ever? awww thats awesome! do you guys still talk?
Hahaha yeah I don't count prom dates
yeah same unless it's an actual action verb date
Well, kinda sorta. Like I wait for him to text first since he asked for my number but he hasn't yet. I've had to text him first
oooo okay interesting
But we can't keep up a conversation over text so that's sad
oooo girl! move on to the next bachelor was he cute?
Haha yeah. Well my junior prom date was gay and my senior prom date had a girlfriend Lol the thing is he's the only bachelor that I'm interested in hahaha AND HECK YEAH HE'S SUPER CUTE LIKE WHAT
hahahah! oh man thats so funny! wait i have questions for the senior prom date
ask away hahahaha
why didn't he go with the girlfriend? was she older and graduated??
No so he dated her in middle school and his parents didn't like her. so when they got back together in high school, they didn't like that And they didn't want him going with her because they didn't like her so he asked me I guess cuz his parents like me? idk hahahaha
ooo girl if hes cute okay, i guess, you gotta make him miss you and jealous!:p what the heck! are you guys best friends or something? or just close to the parents?
Hahahaha I know right it's just that none of my guy friends are attractive enough for him to be jealous hahaha no offense So his dad his like the young men's president so he got to know the young men and young women and his dad worked with my dad in their callings
hahahha!! okay now i gotta see a pic! i wonder who this person is whats his first name?
Wait the prom date or the guy I went on a date with hahaha
ohhhh okay so you guys know each other from church the cute guy girl!
oh yeah lol his name is Jackson and yeah, my prom date also went to the same elementary school together but he's a grade younger than me
thats a hot name ohhh! okay did you have fun at prom though or was he lame
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Haha yeah I had fun! He was such a gentleman which was something I was not used to hahaha
Aww that's nice! how did the girlfriend take it? was she cool with it
Haha yeah she was cool with it thankfully hahaha I'd send you a pic if I knew how to do it on here haha
yeah and it might be like not allowed
Oh you right you right
oh ookay that's good! she understood she wasn't liked by the parents haha aww so sad
Idk if you'll find him cute but in my eyes, he's a 1010 hahaha yeah I'm glad it wasn't awkward
ooooo okayy yes girl! so he's nice? is he funny?
Probably first and last date ever hahahaah
and yeah i would not want my date to have a girlfriend unless it's me
Yes and yes Exactly
girl don't say that! it's byu, there are many cute looking guys here wait what race is he? he sounds white
Hahaha true but I feel like they're all married
yeah i love my proms, it was lit and fun you right!!
And hahahahaa I love how you can guess that but he is white
oh my gosh! whenever i see a hot or cute guy, the first thing i do is check their hands!
Exactly!!!!
oooo okay i do love them white boys
I subtly check the left hand as discreetly as I can hahaha Hahaha girl same
but i like them cultured, you know, i don't want them to be like bland ahahhah yeah girl! if theyre taken then they're no longer attractive
Yes exactly that's why I like the rm's but not really Hahahahaa i know right like my brain is like "girl move on"
yeah! if they served somewhere foreign then okay yeah i'm for that
hahahaha yeah like other than a Spanish speaking mission
yeah!!
Jackson is an rm lol
where did he serve?
Cambodia
oooooooo girl! that's a snatch!!
He is such a snack hahahahaha i just wish he would text me already hahahaha
oooo dang girl okay wait i gotta go do some grocery but you end chat if you want but ima leave it here this was a really good convo girl
no girl i like talking to you or do you wanna exchange numbers?
we should hang out but then again we cant get names and stuff sucks maybe ig!??
yessss @pito.bedo
okay girl i'll talk to you later, and ill follow you

I'm confused as to what this is...
It's to help the AI learn how real humans talk
Wow, fascinating! Does the AI pick up speech patterns and then copy them?
I think so?
Cool! Haha I didn't realize I was actually talking to a real person until just now sorry
haha guess I sound robotic
Noooo sorry that's not what I meant-I thought it was a computer generated reply! But now I know lol! Where are you from?
I'm from Seattle area! You?
That's awesome!! I'm from Salem so I've been to Seattle a couple of times:)
awesome! I've never been to Salem I've been to Cannon Beach though hahah
I love cannon beach! Yeah Salem is kind of boring so I wouldn't travel here for vacation. Have you been to Portland?
Nope :(
You should!! It's super fun and hipster;) Anyways, are you already a student at BYU or an incoming freshman?
incoming, you?
Me too! I'm staying in Heritage Halls bldg 29 I think!
Same!
Aww man, I just checked and I'm actually in bldg 26. At least we're close!
haha everyone is close I guess
True! I wonder who is going to win the macbook! Maybe the person who chats the most?
yeah! We're all here for the prizes lol
Hmmm I probably won't win the macbook then lol because I don't have a ton of time to spend chatting all day
yeah but it's still kinda cool

hello, how are you doing
I am not sure. Oh sorry I was answering the question. I am well! and you?
hahaha I was like "oh no.... what does that mean?" I am doing well also
It is good to be well!
definitely I think I would answer the prompt, that I learn things quickly. I can learn how to do something by just watching someone do it
That is an extremely useful skill!
Like most of the art I have learned is just watching what other people do on instagram or what not
That is neat! What kind of art. That is supposed to be a questoin mark.
Photography, drawing, sketching, painting pretty much everything
Are you an art major?
Sort of? haha Industrial Design what about you?
I do not do any form of art. My sister is an art minor, though. I'm currently studying Russian.
No way! I know like two other people who are doing that
Really? That's aweomse. I didn't realize how many people spoke Russian until I came back from my mission.
Yeah its crazy What kinds of things do you like to do?
Right now, just study for my finals. But when I'm not in school, I enjoy doing just about anything. You?
Nice! I like art [as you probably guessed], hiking, dance, frisbee
Frisbee is awesome, what Kind of dance?
country swing and ballroom
That is awesome! My husband is a ballroom dancer as well. I pretend to be every once in a while, but it is more like he throws me around the room and I try to keep up.
hahahahaha I know that feeling So even though I am a guy, my sister does ballroom and she knows how to backlead
Are you married?
and she will do the same thing, but no I am not I just got home and this is my first semester at college so it might be a minute before that happens
That's fun your sister knows! Yes, take your time! When Sorry, where did you serve?
End of last year, and northern california I am excited to go back this coming august, I have two friends getting married there so its a good reason to go back have you ever been up in northern california?
I have. I had a soft al tournament ni Oakland, and ive driven through a couple of times to get to Washington.
Whats washington like? I have never been there
It depends on which part you are in. Part of it is a desert, the other part is like. a rainforest. It's a beautiful state.
I want to visit there one day
I recommend it. Seattle is gorgeous in the spring [even though it is super wet].
Ill have to make it out there one day, I had a friend just get married in portland like 3 days ago. that would have been a good reason but you know.... finals...
If you go, check out the pop culture museum in Seattle. They also have other art museums there you would probably enjoy.
Oh way cool, thanks for the recommendation
Your welcome It is still one of my favorite museums I've been to!
I love going to museums I like the MOA a lot What kind of music do you like?
I enjoy classical music, but I will listen to anything besides screamo and rap. You?
Hahaha Pretty much the same I love studying to classical
It is wonderful. I enjoy it as well. I also enjoy attending concerts.
Have you been to any good concerts recently?
The school of music's concerts are always awesome!
I will have to try going to one of those next fall Have you ever used the frontrunner?
I have a couple of times. It is handy!

The world would be a much better place There would be world peace
hey whats up!
Oh hey you!!! It's good to hear from you again! How was your day??
its been pretty good and yours?
I'd say pretty good!! I feel great so, I'm assuming that's a good sign hahah
haha hello?
Yess???
what would you rather have 10 million dollars or the ability to like for an additional 30 years in your prime?
Oooh, I'd probably say 10 million dollars what about you?? I think for me that I would just take the time I had on earth and wouldn't want to take more than I was supposed to have so I think that 10 million dollars is more for me haha
hahaha good choice i would probably take 30 years in my prime
Oh cool!! I can see why someone would want that
i mean as long as you make a decent sum of money it is worth it
oh yeah thats true But hey, i have to eat dinner but I might be back soon, so we can maybe leave the chat open and talk later maybe?
economists say that the average persons life is worth 10 million dollars at like 80 years so that is like 125000 a year 30 * 125 i like 3.75 million but then make those your prime years and probably twice that plus you have to consider salary and they would probably be equal in value to be honest i value my life far above money and you have to think about how medicine advances you would probably live even longer because you would be able to wait for better medicine
Oh wow!! you have this all thought out!! maybe i should rethink my choice haha!!
haha
But I need to leave but I'll probably be on again at like 8:40 so if you're not busy we can talk more then maybe?
i suppose you would miss out on all of the lives of your family so it wouldnt be the same
That is true. That would make it slightly less worth it But I'll talk to you later okay??
ok it was nice chatting! hello?

I've always wanted to travel the world.
I would spend my time traveling the world, visiting different temples, meeting new people, experiencing new cultures, and running in beautiful places.
Where would you want to travel first?
Romania or Ireland. What about you?
I would probably travel to Britain first and then from there travel the rest of Europe One of my friends went to Ireland and showed me pictures, it's very beautiful there.
Oh that's cool! My older sister went to London when she turned 16 and saw the play "Wicked." What would be the thing you want to do most in those places?
In Spain I'd want to try their food, I love authentic food. And in England I want to see the Big Ben and the castles and the architectural stuff What would you want to see in Romania and Ireland?
Oo that would be fun; I love architecture! I have a family from Spain in my neighborhood and she always makes the most amazing food! I would want to go on a bunch of beautiful hikes in Ireland, and in Romania I'd want to meet the people and experience their culture and lifestyle. Have you ever been outside of the U.S.?
Oh I love hiking even though I don't go as often as I would like. I have gone to Puerto Rico which is technically leaving the United States but it's still US territory. I also went into Canada but we had to turn around because we forgot Passports or something like that I can't remember. Other than that no. What about you? Have you been outside of the US?
Aw, that's a bummer: [I bet Puerto Rico was beautiful though! Did you go zip lining? And yes I have:) I 've been to Norway and Denmark:)
Puerto Rico is beautiful, I really wanted to go zip lining but my parents vetoed that :((. You mentioned running earlier...do you run for your school?
What was your favorite thing you did in Puerto Rico then? Yes, I do:) Do you do any sports?
We spent most of our time at the beach, the water was unbelievably clear there, and we ate a lot of really good food and we walked through a bit of the National forest I think It was. I ran indoor and outdoor track my freshman and sophomore year but then I got a hip injury so I stopped. The most sports I do currently is just passtime stuff like shooting a Ball or going for a quick run. In the winter and summer months I ski which is by far one of my favorite things to do
Woah! Sounds like a super fun trip:) What was your favorite thing you ate there? Oh I'm sorry! Injuries are tough- I've had bursitis and a stress reaction in my pelvis both this year during cross country season. This year is actually my first year running cross country and track and I absolutely love it:) I love skiing too! I'm not very good at it though haha, I bet you are though!
Tough question, all of the food haha. Good for you! Not a lot of people like running, one of those things you either like or don't or do it cause you should Im decent at skiing, I don't do anything too competitive with it, mostly just for fun so I tend to keep it easy and casual. It was nice talking with you Sophie but I have to go!
Ok, nice talking to you too! I hope you have a great time at BYU!:)

Hello!
good morning!!!! whats up Adam
Just the norm. What about you Jaezo?
haha same. Just trying to chat haha
I know what you mean. Any luck?
just you so far haha. what about you?
Really? That's funny. Just the two of us trying to get more points I guess. Well. I have to jump off. Cheers!
see ya

My favorite smell is the smell of a freshly baked loaf of bread.
My favorite is the smell of book stores Or like any food

Chocolate Chip cookies
oooh yes I like vanilla
strawberry
that's good too
how are you?
I'm super tired the fire alarms went off like 4 times last night without warning
in your house?
yeah
that's not good
I think dust messed with it or something
ours used to do that so we took the batteries out XD
there is no reason for them to go off like that
lol especially when you're trying to sleep
oh yeah and then up for seminary
ooo yeah early morning seminary -
gotta love it
how far are yall in your reading?
We're almost done, just finished Ether
yeah same, we should be through moroni 5 by the end of this week:D
Wow yeah I don;t have semilary the rest of this week there is state testing in the morning
lucky! not for testing but for being able to sleep in. How did state testing go?
the testing is only for the freshman and sophomores so everyone else gets to come to school super late
ohhhh gotcha, well that's nice
yeah i'm happy how's your day so far?
Pretty good, ready to be done with school though
me too I thought that I knew was senioritis when I was a junior I have no idea
dude same I'm so ready to be done
Yeah just trying to do homework and not flunk
yeah i feel ya, i have a econ test next class that im doing a study guide for
good luck!

hi
Hey whats up I'd like to be able to fly, but at super fast speeds
let's qualify the question it's too open ended which specific avenger would you be also you can't be doctor strange because he's ridiculously overpowered
ooo not sure
well get sure!
depends. Are we assuming that each super hero is exactly how marvel portrayed them?
yeah this is movie based MCU
Or are we just considering the powers they each have Okay then Vision
RIP you are daed
lol
hahahha vision is pretty dope
but I wouldn't be an idiot like him His social que's suck for a guy that knows almost everything he really sucks at communication
i'd be iron man for sure i love iron man
Just a rich guy with cool tech? hhaha
genius billionaire playboy philanthropist i really hate captain america honestly
lol
the way he approached that situation was awful
yeah me too.
acting like he's all high and mighty
They made him a little better in the most recent movie
"take away the suit of armor and what are you?"
but still super annoying
like... you are fake you literally couldn't even get into the army
I like clint
yeah clint's the most down to earth guy
for a guy that has no super powers and nothing really special he is the best I think thor would be fun too. He gets to go to so many crazy worlds all the time. or starlord It would be fun traveling to other planets and kicking butt
starlord's a goofball but yeah that'd be cool to just go all over i want to travel a lot once i graduate and have money hah
yeah Money problems suck We just save as much as possible honestly Yo remind me to ask you about Jackson sometime outside of chat
will do saving sucksss like yeah its smart but it sucks
have you been out on any dates recently?
no sir
lame
life's easier that way ha
hahaha true
plus i've been busy with school and work and volleyball
have you found any cute girls in your ward at all? or at work
funny story like right when i started working there was a cute girl working that day and we started chatting and then she mentioned she was going to be a senior in highschool this year yikes.
hahahaha That's hilarious
and trust me i am not one to go down in age i can't stand people that do that it's so creepy
you mean 5 years is a little much for you? haha That's hilarious It's a little difference when you're like in your upper 20's or lower 30's, but in your low 20's that is weird
yeah exactly me going up 5 years right now is so much different than going down
Joey is now a waiter in friends fyi lol
23 to 28 is a lot different from 23 to 18 honestly i don't understand people that get married before they are 20
True, you should find some girls who have already graduated or about to graduate so they can work while you study hahaha
not one bit
yeah, that's pretty early
like what even are you hardly an adult
yeah, I felt like I married early and I was almost 22 haha
hahahha yeah some people say that people are getting married too late these days but honestly i disagree there's no rush
nah no rush but that doesn't mean people should wait because they think it's too early either honestly just get married whenever its right
yeah some people just need to be reminded that this is a huge decision that shouldn't be made within a month or two of knowing someone that's the worst combo young people that get married within months of knowing each other
oh man, I get so like nervous for people when they say that they've only dated their fiance for like 1 month
yep.
like obviously there are many happy couples that do this, but like I feel like a lot of times there is a lack of maturity when doing that
yeah and having a marriage end poorly is a bad way to kick off you adult life
if you are doctor Ross Geller then you'll end up having 3 divorces by 30 lol he's in friends fyi
maturity of all parties involved is so key, like you mentioned how much do you like jurassic park? that friends reference reminded me of ian malcolm, the guy played by goldblum
Question, if pinokio says that his nose will grow, what will happen? Oh it's the best! for its time that is if it does grow then that means he lied, but the fact it grew means he didn't lie
he mentions that he's always on the lookout for a future ex mrs malcom
if it doesn't grow then that means he's a liar, which would mean it has to grow. would he just cease to exist?
pinocchio is a construct of your imagination
Or become a real boy again
and thus cannot cease to exist because he never existed to begin with i'm listening to the shrek theme song right now haha
well hypothetically if he did and lived under the conditions we know. His nose grows when he lies. What would happen in that situation oh nice!
if we are making hypothetical situations
all star?
it sounds like you can just choose what will happen considering you constructed the scenario so what is your decision nah just like the classic shrek instrumental fairytale sounding one
I would like to see him just cease to exist in that given scenario oh nice
depressing he doesn't ever get to be a real boy
I think that tomorrow while i study I'm going to put smash bros music and halo music on repeat all day while I study that sounds like a fun productive day I'm going to go to bed soon. I've got to go in to work early and then have an interview
hahah i actually played halo a few weeks ago with some friends
which one?
i won once sticks and stones oh shoot I'm dumb that was call of duty I'm so dumb
We have an xbox 360 at the office, you'll have to come down and play some with me some time
hahaha i'm so bad which COD has the boat level
right now we only have assasins creed but I'm probably going to get some madden or nba2k
no fortnite?
I'm not sure which one you are referring to but probably modern warfare 2 or something
but alrighty, peace!
It's a 360

Yeah, its still catfishing
how so?
I mean, its still luring someone online, so even if a computer does it the software the computer is using still has malicious intentions
interesting. I thought it was actually talking about fishing for catfish hahaha what is catfishing exactly?
Oh hahaha well google defines it as luring someone into a relationship by means of a fictional online personal *persona
hahahahahaha thats creepy you know though if the computer can mimic personality online perfectly people would fall in love
Yeah, and that's the problem is because people use the computer for identity theft and to get credit card and bank account information
true. does cyber security and defense interest you? you stil there homie?

I would not want to be in power and you
I would make a national holiday for celebrating tacos cause they're delicious.

Hey!
Hi! How are you?
pretty good! what about you?
Going good! Big plans for the weekend?
It's my mom's birthday so we're going to celebrate tonight
Awesome, happy birthday to your mom! Do you guys have any fun birthday traditions or celebrations?
We usually have a family dinner, usually eat enchiladas and just have a bunch of family over what about your family?
That's super cool, do you make your own enchiladas? And do you live near lots of your family then? We are pretty low key people so we will eat dinner of the birthday person's choosing and then watch a movie that they pick out and eat cake and ice cream, nothing super major But it's nice to celebrate as a family!
That's cool! Yeah we make our own, I am half mexican so we all love mexican food
Oh hey that's awesome! How did your parents meet?
They grew up in the same town, but were never really friends. Then they came back from college and I am pretty sure my mom was joking with her younger brother about going on a double date and he agreed so then she had to find someone and she ended up asking my mom so that was their first date haha
Haha that is funny, how long did they date before they were engaged?
I think a year, what about your parents? how did they meet
My parents were pretty typical, they were in the same YSA stake in college and that's how they met! My dad really liked my mom I guess and tried to impress her with his superior athletic abilities but she was super not into sports so that didn't work very well! But he won her over somehow clearly because they got engaged and married It's funny how any random people manage to meet! Do you have lots of siblings?
Aw thats so cute, I have three so not a lot for a mormon family lol, but i have two younger sisters and one little brother how many siblings do you have?
Oh little siblings are so cute! Do you get along with them well? Do they admire you andor look up to you? My siblings don't! I have an older sister then 7 younger brothers and sisters so a pretty normal Mormon family I guess
um i wouldnt say they look up to me, but we definitely all get along pretty great
That's too bad, are they much younger than you are? I would say the same about my siblings, they don't think I'm that cool but we get along okay Do they miss you while you're away at college?
thats good, im actually going to be an incoming freshman, but i will definitely miss them i hope they will miss me a little but i am also really excited to go to college
Oh super exciting, there's a ton to look forward to! What are you most excited about? They'll probably miss you a little bit, I thought my siblings wouldn't miss me at all and they didn't at first but as more time went along they missed me more and more
I am really excited living with one of my best friends meeting more friends and and fun classes i guess What has been the best part of college for you?
It's always better when you're starting college with someone you know, I was lucky enough to start with my best friend from grade school and it was really nice having someone from home who knew me and knew the challenges I was going through and it was really helpful overall to get to start a new chapter with someone who was as stressed as I was! The best part of college has probably been getting to go out on my own and determine the kind of person that I was going to be without any pressure from my parents. I've been free to choose what to study and what friends to have and what to pursue and what experiences to have and that's really shaped my character and personality
That's so cool, i am super excited to be going with my friend i think its going to be really great getting to spend a lot of time with her whats one of your craziest roommate stories?
Yeah you'll definitely grow super close to the people you live with as you struggle through the same things together! What classes are you taking in the fall? Hahaha so I bought a fish my senior year and he was a super cute fish but you're not allowed to have fish in apartments so I left him home and had my siblings take care of him Well my parents randomly decided to go to Europe and sent my siblings off to some cousins while they were in Europe but totally forgot about the fish and the fish died Anyway my good friend from home who was also my roommate thought it was so sad that my fish had died that we had a funeral for it But obviously we couldn't do anything with the actual fish so she made a fake fish out of toilet paper and we sang a song and said some eulogies and had a wake for the toilet paper fish before flushing it down the toilet which is one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen because the fish wasn't even real
haha oh my gosh, that is crazy, one time i had a fish, named bubbles, he was like only my second pet ever, but he was a beta which are supposed to live forever right? well i followed the rules on the feed especially for beta fish and i guess i over fed him, and he got constipated so i fed him less and cured hum but he was so worn out from being constipated and all bloated that he died I only had him for like two months so i wasn't super attached, and now it's just really funny to me
Haha yeah it was pretty entertaining, he was a beta fish also and you're right I totally thought that beta fish were supposed to live forever if you took care of them? Oh man poor guy! How old were you when you killed your beta fish? *kidding:) * My parents aren't big animal people so they only let me get a fish when I turned 18. I'm not an animal person either I just wanted to get a fish because I could
That's the same with my parents, i mean i was thirteen, but they let me get a fish, i killed a supposably immortal fish, and we haven't had a pet yet so...lol
Haha they must have thought you were very responsible...I can see why they aren't fans of any of your other siblings getting any more pets! Fish are way more high maintenance than you think they are going to be when you first start out, like you have to change their water and feed them and do all this random stuff you never think of doing when you think about getting a fish
yeah i mean i thought it was easy, until it died so i guess i was a little naive
Yeah oh well, fish are pretty inconsequential in the major scheme of things I guess So what classes are you taking in the fall? What classes are you most excited for?
i havent registered yet, so i don't know what classes but i really like taking biology classes, i am planning on getting a degree in biomedical engineering so im taking my pre requisites at byu What classes would you recommend taking?
Oh I see, it's definitely a hard decision to make to decide which classes you are going to take! Interesting, what has made you decide to want to pursue biomedical engineering? What do you want to do with that? What has been your inspiration? Haha um I'm a really bad one to ask, I'm getting a degree in music composition so I the one science class I was required to take I got AP credit for in high school But I would recommend lots of religion classes, like you never get the chance to study religion as much as you do at BYU in such a formal setting
I like the medical field and i want to help, but i don't really want to become a nurse or doctor. So i think it is a good way to help save lives in my own way, because i also like engineering that's cool what instruments do you play?
Oh that's very fair, out of curiosity what has pushed you away from being a nurse or doctor? Most people go that route I guess I play the piano pretty well but my official instrument in the program is flute, I spend way too much time playing both! I have no life because I'm always practicing
thats cool i play the piano a little bit too i don't want to be a nurse or doctor mainly because it is just so hands on, i would rather help from afar, especially because i hate needles i would also like to help a lot more with just researching
It's a good instrument! How did you get into the piano field? It's a pretty hard instrument to pick up! Oh yeah I totally understand! No matter how much you want to help people there is something too nauseating about being a surgeon or sticking needles in people What would you like to research?
haha yea i think things around genetics mainly, i think that is what interests me most I played the piano for a few years when i was younger, now that i don't have lessons i am not very skilled anymore, but i can still play a little
That's cool, what specifically would you like to look into with genetics? How do you see your research impacting the world and the general health of individuals? Oh nice, playing the piano as a young person really increases your mental and intellectual abilities. What made you decide to stop?
mainly how we can tailor medicine to help specific people with chronic diseases and things like that. I think it would really help people with disabilties I guess i didn't really decide to stop it just kinda happened, it was hard because we had just moved so it was hard to find another teache teacher*
Oh for sure, that's all highly interesting! Have you been personally impacted by chronic disease or disabilities? If there was one specific disease you'd like to cure, what would it be and why? And no kidding, trying to find competent piano teachers is pretty hard! The teacher makes all the difference. I had a nice piano studio back home but left it when I left to co
No i have just seen people suffer things like cystic fibrosis and other disabilities, and i just want to be able to change those people's lives
me here and it's pretty hard to have a viable studio here because everyone plays the piano so everyone just learns from their mom or grandma or relief society president
I actually have never really gone through anything super serious so i feel like it's my job to help other people out haha yeah we have a pretty nice piano at home i don't play a lot anymore, but one of my sisters does
That's very fair, what would you say is your biggest motivator for such a selfless attitude and your feelings of responsibility to help others out who are less fortunate than yourself? Would you credit familial examples, church examples, church standards, cultural values, or some other factors? Cool, good for your sister! The piano is an awesome instrument and the dedication and discipline required to excel at it carry over into all other aspects of life.
I guess just everything in general, i have a good family life and i just feel that i am really blessed and i can do so much more to just help other people in their live's yeah she's pretty good
Absolutely, that is definitely the type of attitude that we need in today's society. I feel like so many problems would be solved if people took their good fortune as a responsibility to help other people out. Would you say you agree with Andrew Carnegie's model of an effective citizen who contributes positively to society?
i have no idea who that is, not gonna lie, but that sounds about right haha
Ha okay that's totally fair, it seems like your general values are in line with what he envisioned for a fully functioning society
yeah haha
It's been awesome talking to you but it looks like I have to head out! Good luck with everything and have an awesome day!

Hey there
Hey
The best thing that has happened to me this year would probably be getting closer to graduation haha. How are you doing!?
Great how are you doing? College graduation or high school?
College. Are you an incoming freshman then?
Nah, I did a year already but I got back from my mission this year so I'm gonna be a sophomore What did you major in?
I'm majoring human development with a minor in business Welcome back! How does it feel to be part of society again haha
ah ok, I'm majoring in Psych
Ooh, very cool. I know a few psych majors. They love what they're studying. How do you like the major?
Being back is really nice. I missed the US. I think Im completely adjusted to being back by now haha
Haha. Well I am glad to hear it.
I really like it, super interesting, I might minor in Chemistry
It is weird coming back after being abroad.
yes
Everything is really big, and spread out
I know! Where did you serve, or where were you abroad?
I was in Sweden on a study abroad Food is also way better abroad in my opinion. Chemistry is a cool minor. I know some of the professors there.
Yeah, public transportation is also a lot better in Europe. I think I want to pursue Psychiatry so I think a Chem minor would be helpful. So what are your hobbies?
Oh yes! I love public transport in Europe. It is so dependable and efficient! And it's fun being able to walk everywhere. Why do you want a chem minor? To understand chemical reactions between meds?
I've been looking into Psychiatry and since I would need to get into medical school, I think a Chem minor would help me I think its possible to get into med school with just a Psych major but I don't know if its super common
Oh okay. Med school makes more sense. That will be a very fun path for you!
Yeah, I'm excited Not excited for all of the student debt though
Hahaha That is very understandable. BYU helps with that at least. Not nearly as expensive as places like Harvard.
Yeah thats true! So what are you planning to do with your major?
I want to open my own business actually
Oh cool There in Utah or somewhere else?
Actually I think I want to go elsewhere. Like Washington
Nice, I've always wanted to visit Washington, it seems like a nice place to live
It is gorgeous. I love it! It's so lush all over
Someday i'll make it out there, Oregon too
Oregon is also super cool. It's definitely a weird hipster thing
Yeah hahaha I had a friend that went to school there and he changed so much
Yes! It's so true They have a slogan there, Keep Portland Weird. It really is true.
hahha yes So this is my first year at BYU, I transferred over from UVU. Any tips?
Ooh Welcome welcome Uhm, talk to your professors. If you can make a friend in your class to help you out.
Yeah, I prefer smaller classes because the professor gets to talk to us more individually
That is a bit different. If you still have to take generals, then you will definitely have bigger class sizes. My biggest class was 700 people
Dang, yeah I have a few more generals to knock out of the way but by the end of this coming school year I should be done with generals
That shouldn't be too bad then.
yeah
Do you know what you want to study?
I think working with childrenyouth would be interesting, so early childhood psychology hey I have to go now but it was nice speaking with you! good luck with your business!

Hello?
Hi! Have you ever seen the show Fresh off the boat
No I haven't, what's that?
Its a show on ABC It is about an immigrant family in the 90's
Oh really? I've never even heard of that Is that your favorite show probably?
Second probably It is just one with the most episodes I havent seen
So what would be your favorite tv show?
I really like brooklyn 99
Oh my gosh! I'm watching that right now! I love that show!! You are my long lost twin
Hahaha Its so funny I watched the latest show last night

I think that the conversation would be pretty boring honestly
Haha! Yup! Did you know I was going to be on?
No, but I just assumed that you would be. I'm writing a paper for one of my classes, and I figured I would get on to see if I pared with you
Haha. Yup, I dont have a lot of other things to do right now, so I am doing religion homework while watching to see if anyone connects. haha What time is your church? You probably would have guessed that I would probably be on. Im always on this thing. Last night, we had a blast thanks again for the ride. I appreciate it! So... When are we doing that again? Haha. We should totally do something fun again. Im down for just renting a bounce house for a day. haha
We should do a christmas party and do like a 10$ white elephant gift exchange. It would be way fun. Also how much would renting a bouncehouse cost?
Ya, we should! That would be so much fun. Are you going home for the holidays or are you staying in Provo? I dont know but if nothing else if we wanted to split 1000 Dillard's wow... that was not supposed to happen If we wanted to split a 1000 dollars I think we could end up buying one to always have to bounce in whenever we wanted. Haha No, that might be a little weird though, I can't imagine it would be much more than a hundred if it is
We are going home for the holidays, but I will also need to see how my work schedule is going to pan out.
Im going home for the holidays as well. Should we do it when we are all up in tremonton? I feel like most of us will be home for the holidays Also, I need to figure out my schedule for work, but I think my job will just be like, go home, its ok. haha Do you think your job will be ok, to let you go in between the semesters for winter break?
I honestly have no clue. I think we may do like a smaller crew, but I'm not sure
You might have a smaller crew at work or for the christmas party? Because I think we will actually have quite a bit bigger crew for the christmas party. There are tons of people we can invite that will be home for the holidays The good thing about work though, is the fact that there are also less librarians at the school that will need help on their computers so that will decrease the need for you to be at work I just think my boss will be like go home, you dont need to be here during the holiday!
Does the library have a christmas party? What time does your church start?
My church starts at 2? I dont think we have one, but I could be wrong. Just not sure. I hope though, that could be pretty fun getting together with the entire library family! Im still trying to figure out which day to go home for Christmas too. It all kind of depends on what times I have to take finals that week though. Hey, just played a few games of Overwatch and it is pretty sick! You should definitely get it Or I can show you more sometime. Next time I come over, we'll play a game or two. Hey, do you want overwatch? I found a sweet deal and it comes with other games as well!
How much does it cost?
Its $12 dollars for seven games and one of them is overwatch actually I think it might have expired though Have you ever heard of humble bundl bundle
No, I havent'
Its a pretty cool site that gives away games at sweet deals. It shows you three games and the other four or five are just random ones. They are generally steam based. I also just found out that shadow of mordor is only a dollar! And its not illegal, and its reputable! haha And the money goes to charities Its almost too good to be true. Thats where my friend got the overwatch from. He payed 12 for another game and it came with it
Send me the link throught text
Ok, ill send it to you. Was the shadow of mordor the game that you were playing on the xbox yesterday when I came over
Ya, it's way fun, you should buy it
Ya, im thinking about getting it. It just seems pretty fun. Is it multiplayer or just single?
Just single player
Also, my time on my computer was really messed up. Like it was something like 6 o clock, and I think it messed with the chat. haha Oh, well, its working now, I just might get more points after 6 today...
We need to get me a gaming computer
Thats ok it still seems to be pretty fun Im getting mine in early next year. Its only just a couple of months. If you can wait, im pretty sure you can build a gaming computer for really cheap
How cheap is really cheap?
Like a few hundred dollars, like maybe 400 dollars? maybe 500 dollars, but it will be a mid-gaming above consumer level. If you want an ssd it will get a little more, and if you want more ram it will get more, but looking at CPUs you can get around a 200 dollar one that is still super great and will play games without any issue. Then add 8-16 gb of ram for 200 dollars or so then add a PSU and a hard drive, and viola you have a gaming PC Do you already have a monitor you could use?
No, I would need to get a monitor They are pretty expensive though, I may have to get one off of KSL.
Oh, thats probably a good idea, they do have some good cheap ones though

Oof honestly I haven't seen Star trek but I do love Jarvis from Iron Man
Can I say the dog in Doctor Who? I think it was K-9 I hate Iron Man... so Jarvis is out of the question. Team Captain America!

Being nice to people I think
that's nice! i'm not really sure what my "super power" is being honest lol
well, what do you like to do??
i like to play the piano and ukulele!
Oh me too!!! I also play violin
ah that's so cool! the violin just sounds so pretty how long have you been playing?

Howdy
I learned that tom hanks was the voice of woody from toy story and I could not believe that I hadn't known that before
he's pretty much the best but i'm surprised that you didn't know that before his voice is pretty unique
Its so true and I know it was earth shattering I couldn't believe I hadn't recognized his voice
my mind was blown when I found out meg ryan did the voice for Anastasia
Shoot i've never even seen that movie: Is that horrible of me
what?!?!?!
I know! and I never even saw Hercules until a couple months ago My friends were furious that I had never seen it
wow. you need a disney marathon [except anastasia isn't actually disney]
yes I actually really do need that it's been so long since I watched all those disney movies from my childhood are you in sociology right now???
haha yes you?
ya second so back row to*
i'm second to front
this is much more stimulating than anything we ever do in class I usually just online shop in class is that horrible
very true, but don't tell the others
oh no definitely not
I just took a two hour nap. It was pretty much the best
I'm so jealous I would kill for a nap right now
take one, I won't tell
That's usually what ends up happening to be honest
I sit in the front of most my classes to stay awake
That's smart, but if I do that, the professors give me nasty looks when I get on my phone and the guilt is just too much Like i'm sorry i'd rather look on instagram than listen to you talk about equality for the 1000000th time
haha there's an art to using your phone or laptop while sitting in the front. The trick is to make it look like you're taking notes
Ahhh yes and you have to be able to do this while erickson walks around literally the entire room
*slowly angles laptop away from him. looks toward him and see someone else doing the same to hide their open reddit page
he's so sneaky *randomly starts lecturing us about crack
*hides crack jk I'm a good kid
HAHAHA I just laughed so hard oh yes im sure you are skyler
ouch. I feel so attacked in this class
he just flat out said women are smarter than men yikes the highlight of this entire class was his date story and that is the only piece of information that I will retain im sure of it
and i thought i had some bad date stories
It can't be worse than me, getting stood up twice this past week... by the same guy But please share some of your stories I'd love to hear them
ouch
ya...
My bad dates were all in high school i haven't dated much since my mission
Where did you serve?
taiwan
That's so cool I've always wanted to go there, when did you get back?
January it's such a cool place
Sweet, I"m probably leaving in august I'm
That's awesome. Missions are so hard but so worth it
I wish more people had that mindset, almost all the guys from my graduating class who left over the summer have already come back because it was hard makes me sad:
I almost got sent home for medical reasons, but I pushed through and lasted the two years.
I actually really admire that, it takes a lot to stay when you're going through something hard especially medical issues
I think if you go out for the right reasons it makes it easier to stay, but there of course are situations where it is better for them to come home and I'm not one to judge
Yes I agree, I shouldn't judge anyone for coming home, not my place
mission culture does play a big role as well. my mission didn't have missionaries come home for anything but medical, but i've heard of others having missionaries go home for random other reasons like homesickness
My dad was telling me that the mission culture is nothing like it was when he went. when he was my age, coming home from your mission wasnt even an option, you went and if it was hard, you stuck it out
a lot of it depends on where you get sent
that's what he said anyway, and yes that's true
i was lucky to get called where i did
I hope I get sent somewhere that I'll love
you'll love wherever you get sent, but there will be times you will wish you got sent elsewhere
Like you said, it'll be hard but in the end i'll be grateful for the place i was sent haha oh i'm sure
when i was feeling really discouraged I prayed to know why i couldn't have been sent to the Philipines
what was it about the Philipines?? i have a friend there right now actually and he loves it so much
i met a lot of people from there in Taiwan and they were insanely humble and all had a strong faith in Christ My life was changed by Fillipinos
I went to Ghana a couple years ago, and the people were the same, incredibly humble and kind and grateful for the little that they had it really opened my eyes to the blessings I have
That's really cool. What did you go to Ghana for?
My dad is a professor here, and he took a group of students there for some humanitarian work and I got to come along! it was amazing, and this year my little brother gets to go to Malawi
dang! that's super sick ^example of inequality of opportunity haha
hahah look at you applying your sociological imagination
ugh
i dont know if im impressed or disgusted hahaha
you're only disgusted because society has made you feel that way
OH MY
wow that graph looks like a dragon
like a cool origami dragon
can you do origami?
My canadian roomate pronounces it "draygon" and i cringe whenever she says it and no i definitely cant haha
haha I love having foreign roommates. I used to live with five asians
Oh that sounds so fantastic please tell me that they made you asain food??
not often, but our house always smelled like Korea and I could always hear korean being spoken. My Taiwanese roommate and I would always speak Chinese
That is so cool, and you were able to keep using you knowledge of a foreign language in your own home
yup. it was pretty great my current roommate is American, but he speaks chinese too
woah what are the odds of that that's pretty lucky
we planned it, he's my friend from before
Ahhhh that makes sense I wish I spoke a different language but I only know a little ASL
I wish i knew ASL
It really is nice, I run into deaf people in public a lot and being able to have a basic conversation with them or help them find something is pretty rewarding
That's really cool did you learn in high school?
Ya, I took 2 years, and I wish that I had practiced more, I've forgotten a lot:
noice well, class is almost over #LunchTime
Oh in know i'm always starving after this class
well, it's been real
indeed, thanks for talking to me

Good morning!
Hello!
What's up?
Just in class again, you?
Well, I'm an incoming freshman. So, I'm doing graduation practice
oooo lucky my practice isn't until the first week of June -
Aww. It's really nice to have it early:)
yeah I bet! do you have any plans over the summer?
This summer is super crazy for me! I am moving, have a cruise, and I'm competing in national FBLA
FBLA? where are you going for your cruise? are you moving far?
Future business leaders of America Alaska for the cruise From Nebraska to Utah for move June 1
Wow that's crazy! How did you get into the FBLA?
It's a club at school
is it fun?
Kind of. If your serious it's not. It's for a variety of business stuff *you're
ahhh gotcha, sounds interesting
Sometimes. I'm going for banking
why do you like banking?
I work at one
do you like it?
Yeah, it's super nice. It's interesting to see the process of banking
that's cool!
What are your plans for summer?
moving into dorms, girls camp, trek, and working
Sounds busy and fun! Where are you going for trek?
just some woods around where I live
Nice! I loved trek
yeah I love it too
I'm jealous. I can't go to youth conference this year
why not?
I've gone to four already
haha yeah that'd be a good reason XD
I know. I just wish I could back and do those things Sometimes growing up isn't fun
yeah most the time it isn't:
But, I'm super excited to go to BYU this fall!!!!
me too!!!! I wish it would come faster!
Same! Well, it's be good chatting with you. But, I kind of have to pay attention to this practice XD Have a good rest of the day!
haha you're good! Have a good day!

Pretty much anything about the real world. Tv, artists, I didn't know who prince was and I got ridiculed! Gotta brush up on pop culture I guess!
i don't know a lot of pop culture either..my dad always asks "what song is this" and i never know
Right!? Sometimes I feel like my parents know more stuff than I do. Not to mention all my little siblings, they got this stuff down!
Do you at least know who Justin Timberlake is? i have a friend who had no idea who he was and we were all face palming. couldn't believe it!
Uh.... he's either a singer or an actor. But I'm gonna say singer... right?
Haha yeah you got it! He's got a few good songs. Okay so if not pop culture then what DO you like?
See, here's the real embarrassing part. My lack of knowledge is in more than just pop culture. Sometimes I think I came from under a rock. But, I love learning random facts, about anything. I find that fun!
it's pretty hard to stay away from all that stuff nowadays, i'm impressed! i've never been to a concert. my friends make fun of me for that
Really!? I love concerts! They are so much fun. If you go to the right ones. If you could go to any concert, who's would it be??
yeah i knowww i need to go to one. but now its like i gotta pick the right one ya know? i would love a country concert though. like one of the outside ones where a bunch of people perform
That's true. You can't just go to any random concert for your first one. My first one was Foster the People. They were amazing!!! But you're a country fan??
Yeah I do like country a lot. But when it comes to music I'm really not that picky. I just never know how to find the new stuff! So I take recommendations and build my music profile from there haha
Haha!!! I do the same thing! I love all music, and find music all sorts of ways. My music has all sorts of genres from all sorts of decades!
I'm always impressed by people that seem to know every song that comes on. Like where do they get the time to learn all that?!
Haha! I feel that. For me if I like the beat, then I search the song, and I go from there. But it takes a good many songs to find your jam!
You're not wrong there. I use shazam a lot when I like something and want to be able to find it again. I've also found that movies tend to have pretty good soundtracks
I use Shazam all the time. That app became a life savor! Hmm, I haven't really seen too many movies, but that's a good way to find stuff too. I like talking to people in elderly homes, they have some recollection of good music!
So you're an oldies fan then? Haha there's some good stuff from the 70's and 80's but I think I lean more toward the modern jams
I am an all times kinda person. I like new and old stuff. It kinda just depends on my mood what I want to listen to that day.
Yeah that makes sense. That's the good thing about music. There's so much of it that it never really gets old!
Seriously. And there's something for every type of feeling. My life's dream is to have a professional musician follow me around and make a soundtrack to my life.
Gosh I know right? Just need someone who knows exactly what you want to listen to and when. A lot of apps try to do that now, like tailor your playlist to your habits, etc
Really!? I have never heard of an app like that! I'm just imagining a James Bond moment when something dramatic is about to happen and awesome music starts playing in the back Or like a guardians of the galaxy moment, that is another amazon example of amazing life soundtracks.
Oh I get what you're saying. Haha I was picturing more like when you're sad, they know just the songs to cheer you up. Or help you wallow in sadness if that's what you prefer
Haha! I mean, that would be cool to. Not gonna lie. Sometimes I don't even know what song I need. It would be way easier for someone to just tell me, "hey! This is the song You're looking for!" This' ll make you feel all better again!
Yeah that's what I need haha. Music has a lot of power to it. Like really even silent movies had music in the background. It helps tell the story Or horror movies? If the music didn't stop and start they'd be much less suspenseful
Seriously. It's like it's own language. Everyone in a movie theater can tell what's gonna happen just by the music that's playing in the background. Music, man. It's amazing!
Yeah it really is. Probably one of the most universally-liked things, in one form or another
Seriously. I don't think I've ever met a person who hates ALL kinds of music. Someone at least likes some sort of music.
Yeah me either. It's in a league of its own!

No that's weird
hey Jeremiah welcome back haha
Haha thanks sorry I had to end it my teacher got mad but then class ended
no worries man! can i ask you a question
Sure
what do you do to destress?
I go running usually
oooh I am not a fan of running unless I have a ball but how does that help you exactly?
I dunno it just kinda clears my mind and I don't think about whatever is stressing me out
I like that actually my girlfriend goes running a lot mostly goes up in the mountains and likes to trail run with her doggys
Must be nice to run with a dog That would destress me even more Why do you ask?
oh I just wanted to find some new ways to de stress because I feel like my way right now isn't that good
What's your current way Netflix?
hahaha Fortnite do you want to double chat like we were doing earlier?
Sure hold on let me open a new tab Aight you ready
we are seriously pros at this hahaha
For real we should get the prizes
for real i could use a brand new macbook haha. everyone deos does
Yeah maybe BYU should just give everyone a new laptop
hahahaha amen what do you want to major in again? EE or ME?
Either one I'm leaning towards ME right now though
why those fields? what interests you?
I like math a lot better than anything and it just kinda makes sense so And my dad and older sister are both engineers
hey I need to move my car or il get towed brb real quick

Hi!
Buongiorno
If the internet stopped working then I wouldn't be able to win this challenge lol
True, if the internet stopped working I'd be okay because I have books and a farm
I would lose contact with a lot of my friends who I don't live near but I would still have my family:) Are you an incoming freshman or are you already at BYU?
That's so bitter sweet! Incoming freshman. You?
Same! Do you know what you want to major in?
Art Education K-12 to teach art in elementary schools
That's so cool!! I want to major in Computer Science
That's awesome! So you must be really interested in this challenge
Yeah I think it's so cool that BYU just won the big alexa grant Maybe I'll get to help with the research someday:) I've already started learning about programming alexa but pretty much all I can do is make her say hi haha
If you work hard for it, you will:) my brother is really into technology and stuff like that He's trying to program Google Assistant
Is he at BYU? I just have one younger brother, he'll start high school next year
No, he's not in college. He has a GED. He's not really into sthe school thing, but he's going places so it's all good.
Cool, do you have any other siblings?
I have a baby half sister, two younger step sisters, two older step brothers, and a real full blood brother. The one I was just talking about is a step brother.
Wow I just have one younger brother. I'm looking forward to living at BYU with a bunch of roommates so I can finally experience what it's like to have sisters:)
XD it's too much estrogen to be honest. But it's also great to have a sister to always be able to talk to
Yeah I'm sure there will be more than enough drama but we've already made plans for high school musical movie marathons so I think it will be worth it haha I'm living in Heritage, what about you?
Same! How did you get contact info about your roommates? I can't seem to find it:
I logged into my housing account and it listed all the emails of my roommates [and their music preferences lol] I just sent out a mass email and looked up their names on Instagram so now we used Instagram for our group chat
Cool! I'll have to look into that. Thanks! I'm kind terrified of rooming with people I don't know. I'm an introvert.
I am too. I met my roommate that I share a room with online before we registered and we have a lot in common so I know at least one person but it will be crazy to get used to I live in Maryland and I'm the only kid in my branch going to BYU this year so I just had to find someone random to room with Luckily my roommate is awesome and we've already met in person
That's nice! I was hoping my friend would go to BYU, but she's staying here in Florida. So I'm the only one going to BYU this year as well.
Yeah I'm really looking forward to being surrounded by more LDS kids My parents went tomet at BYU so I've been dreaming of going there pretty much since I knew what college was haha
Me too XD. Returned Missionaries everywhere! Just kidding, but I'm looking forward to a college experience without the crazy worldly stuff.

ab ad f f asd f asd asd f f a asdf asd sdf asd asd f a asd f f as f sd asdf df asd asdf f asdf f asd df as f asdf asd ff asd chit chat challenge asdf df asd fas f asd f asd asd f asd f asdf a asdf sdf hello its me i was if wondering
you mean its us

Then unicorn cavalry would be awesome
that would be a very scary force to come up against
it would be awesome. plus I am sure there would be a lot of illegal trade in unicorn horns
It would probably turn into some medicine to cure heartbreak and lonliness
but would it actually work?
If you find some, we can run some trials on it ha ha

Hi there Maybe. There is the robot Sophia that got citizenship in Saudi Arabia. So maybe it will happen
Haha hey
We will talk in all chats.
They said it was fine as long as you maintain good conversations
Cool
Yeah, I dont think computers will get the right to vote They would have to have some sort of self awareness And I feel like that is a ways away, I wouldnt really want computers swaying the votes that affect me
Me neither. That robot now has more rights than most women and christians I think.
Besides scary realities of computers, what is something that is futuristic that you would want to happen with computer technology
Yeah, and sometimes media portrays things in a way that you think technology is super bad or just good.
I think it is creepy how much different providers automatically scan your information online to make things easier for you Just yesterday I woke up to my phone reminding me I owed rent. I was confused because I dont and I clicked on it. It linked to an email with just an attachment of an old contract. And it scanned that set an auto reminder for when that said rent was due
Wow. I agree.
It also found out I had a flight and reminded me about that too It made me uncomfortable that it did all of that automatically
I love technology and that's one of the reasons I study CS, but at the same time I think like since most of these things are new and are developing really fast, they are kind of figuring out as they go. So sometimes they violate our rights with the excuse of making your life comfortable and easier.
I definitely agree, I think it will be similar to the way that before cigarettes were prescribed as medicine and now we see the health side affects So for technology we might see all the bad effects in the future when its too late for our digital health haha
Yeah I think we mainly try to fix the problems we create when we try to fix other problems. We think about the short term, and forget the long term.
Haha that is the pattern of everything else we do Thats funny, I was watching hulu and it just put up an ad from facebook that it is trying to better protect our privacy
I opened my facebook the other day and there was a privacy message, I read their explanation and it doesn't seem to change anything for me, because it only beats around the bush and nothing actually happens.
Thats interesting, and kinda silly it doesnt do anything
I watched some of his meeting in congress and one of the congressman asked him if he would feel comfortable sharing with them the name of the hotel where he stayed. He said he wouldn't. Then they asked him a bunch of things he said he wouldn't be comfortable sharing with them. I wanted to be there to ask him, so why do you share all my information then? And also why when my friends use those apps and give permission to access their information why my friends have the power to share my info as well? Shouldn't they only be able to share their info?
Yeah its crazy that everything is so connected its really hard to be involved without sharing a lot more than you want to
Yes. My cellphone is connected to my computer, since I have an iPhone and a Mac
I hope you have a good day! talk to you later!

Gotcha!
TADa! What if it wasn't me?
I didnt say anything that time I knew it would be Unless someone had added to the pool precisely when you did But it was way too fast But if it wasnt you
Well, I guess you're lucky that it was. And true, that would have been crazy
I wouldve said.... "errr your nose... gotcha nose?" No haha I would have acted normal
Haha
And it would look strange but i doubt they would laugh at me at all
That would have definitely been a sight I would've But that's because I know you.
They would be like "well thats one way to start a comversation" Moana has some good soundtrack music I have it stuck in my head The song about the turtle
Dude My sister was playing that in the car
Ohhhh... it was a crap Crab Woah telepathy Just kidding haha, unless it was the crab song
She also watched it earlier, and that's where we left off in the movie
Are you serious?
YES! I AM!
Sorry: [I didn't know you were THAT serious
I was being loud, not mean.;) Like, in disbelief
You know what i find hilarious?
What?
At byu there is a dating magazine
What???
It has 700 date ideas about
Oh my gosh!!!! What are some of the ideas?
They are handed out FREE on campus... i think they are trying to make anpoint Nickel arcade
Hmmm
I did it once and it was a BLAST
It seems like they are trying to make a point. Cheap, and fun dates for broke college students, volume 1
Even worse on the back of every magazine is a bride in a dress
That sounds really fun Oh my gosh Really?
Guess what page 10 is
What? Wedding rings?
No....
What then?
I cant remember what page the wedding rings are on...
So there is a ring page?
Oh Last page right before the bride
Wow
Maybe it has symbolism. Dates in front, marriage in back.
dun Dun DUN
Page 10 is labeled finding your summer bae Its one of the front oage highlights
No way!
Yeah. They have a copy online for free Check it out Two.byu.edu
Dude. Doing it now! haha I like that address bar thing
Why?
It's telling you to basically become a couple lol
Yeah thats the name of the magazine lol
I love it! I keep laughing every time I think of it
It is interesting It even has 54 interview questions to ask before getting married
Those are probably really helpful actually
Yeah they are interesting
Ooh! What's your favorite?
well i mean i dont have one
Well, which one is intriguing the most
But one is about household chore division Ones like what are your health problems
Wow. Those are actually necessary things to discuss, so you don't just surprise them after the wedding!
How much are you in debt, do you think divorce is ok, etc
wow
Yeah
good questions
Do you have to live close to family
That's good too
What religion will you raise your kids Big one there
That one would be LDS for me, no questions asked
Oh. I would probably go catholic
Teach 'em how to guilt trip.
Hahaha It asks about porn which is something good to discuss as well
Yes, it is!
I need to keep these for later haha.
Yeah! There's also the what guys and girls look for thing, which is weird, but interesting to say the least
Oh yeah I think that section is way too vague The truth is that people dont know what they want But they can recognize it when they see it
well, yeah. The article only got a few people's opinions
So they vaguely describe someone they likeliked Yeah
And the yes. no. I think so. chart
What is the most exciting date you have ever been on?
I haven't been on that many dates, but I would have to say snapchat tag in the mall on a group date.
Thats too bad.
Why do you say that? and what about you? most excitinginteresting date?
I would say themat my most exciting date was one i olanned eith my best friend and also one... with the same girl i took to that date We made our own pizzas
ooohhh!
And they turned out really really good It was awesome
OOOHHH! PIZZAAAA!! Pizza is great
The. We went to the movies.
Oohh! I once snuck food into the movies...
Oh i usually do that But its candy not necessarily pizza Just buy it outside the movie theatre and you save so much money
I snuck in a bag of blue raspberry twizlers, a whole plate of cookies, 2 boxes of cosmic brownies, and some other stuff too We also brought sushi [which, I don't think I like] But inside the theater is just sooo expensive Especially if there's a dollar store right next door
Yeah. Why not why dont you like sushi?
Okay, to be fair, I've never actually tried it But I really don't like most types of seafood
Oh nooooooo!
There are a few that are okay
Its ok i am not a big fan of sushi either California rolls are ok though
My sister gets those. Never tried them personally, but I know what they are. Kind of.
I think california rolls have cooked crab Have you ever tried lobster bisque?
No, but I've heard of it. Studio C! That's like it.
Hahahaha Its really good in my opinion but nobody elses Especially the stuff at tucanos I never ate seafood until i tried fish tacos And i think i was like 16-17 The fish tacos changed my mind Well i mean i ate tuna but that doesnt count
I kinda grew up with seafood, and i loved some of it, like tilapia and shrimp, but salmon i cannot stand. I don't really like tuna
Oh really? I like salmon but only if cooked right. Mainly i just feel really healthy eating it
I cannot stand it! i can literally tell if a fish is salmon with just a glance, and then I feel sick to my stomach. I feel healthy eating carrots. haha
Hahaha Did you have a bad experience with salmon?
Yeah. When I was younger my neighbor cooked it for us, and I threw up less than 10 minutes later. I chose to believe I was allergic I still don't like it
Wow. Sounds like food poisoning or something. But usually fish dont get thag That
Yeah, potentially. It kinda ruined salmon for me, and it was the taste that made me sick. I just hated it. Hey, I got to go take a shower real quick, since I have to be up before 7 am tomorrow to go on a senior day trip for my ward seniors, but I'll be back in like 15 or 20 minutes max So, if you want to stay in the chat, yay! If not, I can text you when I'm back!
Ok
Okay, so maybe it was like 30 minutes, but I'm back!!!
Hey whats up
Not very much tbh, I'm just chillin i bed in bed*
Same
Beds are just awesome
Yep Ok i am back
Yay!
Uggghhh
What's wrong?
I have class tomorrow And I have a lot to read
Yikes! What time is your class?
9
Yikes. I would offer to help you read, but I am not quite sure how to pull that off.
Yeah thanks for the though:) unfortunately one must read on his or her own to get anything out of it
That's true. Or have it read to you.
Yeah
How much reading do you have?
60 pages of the textbook I have done 100 so far, but part of that was the table of contents
Holy cow That's a lot
Yeah i am going to die I am really tired.
You could always go to sleep, and I can call you in the morning when I leave [7am] to wake you up to do your reading

have fun and help others
hiiiiiiiiii
hi how is your saturday going?
good actually and u

Hello?
Hello!
How's it going?
Super good! How about yourself?
Stressful Haha, but I'm glad that one of us is having a good day
Oh no!? Why so stressed? Spring term got you down?
I'm still in high school. It's the IB testing It's melting my brain
Wow that has got to be tough. Brain meltingly tough haha But you can do it!
Mrgh. Thanks. Only 5 more hours of total testing, and then I'm freeeee
See!? There you go! Then it will be only 4 more hours, then 3, 2, 1 FREEDOM! What will you do when testing is done?? Any fun plans you've been waiting to do?
Sleep. Read
Amen Amen
Haha, you know your life is sad when those are your life goals
Nah, not sad, just stressful (: I feel you. Just yesterday I spent the entire day studying and doing homework and the only thing that kept me going was the fact that I knew I would be able to sleep when I was done
Nice. My only problem is I fall asleep at the beginning of the test, which is bad, bc I'm in a extremely quiet room set to writing a million essays
Hmm, could you bring a snack to keep you awake while you are testing??
Sigh. No. IB testing environments are pretty tight
What about water? I put lemon in my water and it usually helps me stay awake or at least keep me refreshed during testing.
I bring water. But it doesn't seem to keep me awake. I should bring gum or something. Or a Jolly Ranchers.
oooh Jolly ranchers! Those things last forever. and taste delicious (: If you were a jolly rancher which flavor would you be?
Oh, sour apple all the way You?
hmmm, I would probably be more of a blue raspberry or a grape the ones who always turn your tongue a different color
Haha nice! I have to go now. 2.5 hours of testing now History is the bane of my existance
oh dear haha well I wish you luck! Have a good rest of your day
Thanks. You too!
and don't forget to treat yourself to a jolly rancher [:

Have you seen A Quiet Place? It was definitely one of the best movies I've seen in a while.
Mrgh haven't seen it yet and I really want to!
Are you a robot? What're some of your favorite movies? Or something that you've seen recently?
Am I robot...? Last time I checked I had blood and bones instead of oil.and gears... A recent movie? I watched Oblivion with my dad during the summer and that was pretty good.
That movies not bad
It was just super weird at the end where he comes back and he's not the same person...but is... Gotta love sci-fi
I know right They need better endings. I saw Crazy Rich Asians last weekend and it was super funny. Would definitely recommend it.
Ah another one I need to see! Ugh I havnt even seen Antman 2 or Jurassic world fallen kingdom So behind on my movie watching

Hello?
Hello, is this a real person this time? Can you see my messages now?
I can't see my chats
You can't at all? Not even this? I ended out last chat. Because you kept saying "Hello"

Hello good sir, My name is Dexter I'm happy to be chatting with you today!
My dear friend Dexter! What a pleasure it is to correspond with you this day. I am currently embarrassed about not knowing my BMI that fits my height and weight How about you, good sir?
Hello! As am I thrilled to be talking with you today good sir. I'm also slightly embarassed about my BMI [Body Mass Index]
Did you know that if you maintain a proper weight you can add 11 years to life? How interesting. I am so glad we could connect in such a manner!
I'm sure it fits somewhere between the 25-28 category which has me at overweight. However, I don't think that it takes into account my immense amounts of exercise per week. Wow what an interesting fact! Where did you learn something like that? Actually what is your major currently? Are you a student at BYU? Well, in case you were wondering I'm currently a student at BYU and I'm studying exercise science. It is the study of exercise and the science behind it. It is interesting.
You do exercise a great deal above our average classmates. I am currently a student here Brigham Young University studying Exercise Science. It is a very interesting field of study indeed. What is your favorite exercise?
That is wonderful news to hear my friend! What career field are you looking to go into? My favorite types of exercise are the ones that I can use the barbell. I find it quite fun to sling around some weights and throw them on the floor.
Agreed! I cordially concur. Nothing is as satisfying as the thump of a barbell slamming to the ground. I am looking into the relm of Physical Therapy for a possible career opportunity! What about you, my friend?

This would mean they've reached a new level of consciousness [as long as they weren't programmed to do so], though not even close to the human level of consciousness.
I would agree with that Perhaps it'd be like opening up Pandoras box There's a lot on the internet from which it could draw, so they could find some really unexpected things to talk about
I wonder if we could learn from them? Because if they're having conversations based off of all the information they have access to, they could probably teach us a lot.
It could get to a point that they replace teachers. And then unemployment would go up
Yeah, if they could relate information in coherent and complex conversations, it might revolutionize education.
But I think something like that is still a ways away [though maybe sooner than I expect] Actually, now that I think about it, AI is pretty smart. In middle school, my friends and I asked an AI software questions, one question being "What is my friend's name?" And then The AI guesses my friend's name *guessed [And we didn't use his name beforehand [if I remember correctly))
Yeah, most of what computers do now, even thinking on a superficial level, is done through algorithms or programmed tasks, so we're still a long ways away from giving AI consc *consciousness That's pretty cool, what AI did you ask to guess your friends name?
I think it was Cleverbot It guessed it by complete chance, but the fact it got it out of whatever names it had in its database was crazy
Yeah
Now that I'm thinking about it, what is the tipping point of AI becoming conscious? At what point does it become conscious? My brain is beginning to hurt
AI could probably already do a lot under the conscience category, but probably not the most essential aspects of it For example, they're probably able to detect stimulus and senses
What can it do in the conscious category? I see
But they're calculating, and probably don't have inner thought the way we do They also can't visualize And they don't experience emotions or dreams
good points

Hello? Are you going to ghost me?
Why do you assume that I will do that?
Whoops. Sorry, didn't mean for that to sound mean or anything. There's someone here. I keep trying to talk to him, but I don't think he likes me.
ooooh interesting
It might be because we may be competitors, but I don't know. I know, right? I've never seen his name.
how do you know he's there?
But all I know is, every time I speak, I get it immediately closed. I don't really. All I see is that my chat is closed.
oh interesting
Any ideas?
i don't get on here too much
Ah, I see. That's all right. It may remain a mystery forever.
I'm just taking a break from homework right now
And I just wanted to shoot the breeze for a little bit. I'm working on a personal project, and it's, um, really time consuming. I love it, but, wow, it takes a while.
what is the personal project if you don't mind me asking?
Oh! Have you heard of Zork, that old video game that came out somewhere in the eighties? Well, I wanted to see if I could recreate my own version of it. It's nothing fancy at the moment, just a text parser and executer. *executer. I, uh, don't know how to spell that. Or I thought it would be simple. It's just text, right? How hard could it be? Well, turns out, I'm at line 1500 something or other in code alone, and it can't do anything beyond the simplest of functions. I'm trying to get one command working, "unlock," but that alone has taken me all day. I kid you not, I've spent maybe eight or nine hours on this today alone, and it's nasty.
i have never heard of zork and are you just doing it for fun? sounds like you don't seem to be enjoying it that much, but then again i don't really know i watched the movie venom today hahah. have you seen it or are you planning on it? wow you seem to be ghosting me! just kidding ha
Oh, sorry! I got distracted. Promise, I wasn't ghosting you. I'm actually really enjoying it; I'm just running into a couple of snags and stuff. It's nothing too crazy. They're bugs I was expecting just not really wanting to deal with. I'm hoping that I'll get better at design as things go on. But you said you watched Venom! The only thing I've heard about the movie is the famous "Like a turd in the wind" line, and I don't know if it's in the actual movie. Is it worth going to go watch, do you think? It's Marvel, so it can't be complete trash, but I'm a little skeptical.
lolol no worries i got distracted too been chatting with my roommates for a bit ahahah i hadn't heard that line before i went and saw it actually but yes it is in the movie i actually really enjoyed it the relationship between venom the symbiote and the host eddie brock is at the heart of the movie and its really well handled tom hardy was great too
So you recommend the movie, then? I have a five dollar Tuesday thing at my local theatres. It's worth it? Also, sorry if this is a dumb question, but what's a symbiote?
yeah i would recommend it
That sounds like it's unique to the Marvel universe because of the red squigglies I'm seeing.
i actually didn't have to pay for it though movie pass perks hahaha and nah it's not a dumb question, but it's not a marvel specific thing either a symbiotic relationship is one between two organisms that like help each other so a super simple example would be like a buffalo that has bugs get in its fur and there are birds that land on the buffalo and they eat the bugs from their fur. so both parties benefit
Oh, wait wait, that's what a symbiote means? It's the name for the thing that has a symbiotic relationship?
yeah
Why does Google tell me it's not a real word, then? Or rather, whatever spellcheck this chitchat is using?
ok wow i am actually stunned i googled it and all the results are pulling up stuff about venom and carnage
Is it not a well-known thing, then? Are you just smart with words?
wow
I know I'd never heard of it before, but it makes sense the way you explained it. I just didn't know the noun was a thing.
symbiont that's the real word this is actually fascinating so I've known about symbiotic relationships for a long time and in star wars episode 1, they use the term symbiont at one point and i really like star wars and so i've heard it many times and i just sort of processed it as symbiote and that's what the word was in my brain and then they used it in the movie and i just saw it as normal but now that i am actually looking into it, symbiont is the real word and symbiote is the marvel term for venom's symbiont race, the symbiotes
Ah, I see, I see. This makes a lot more sense. I was suddenly wondering if I'd somehow never heard the word before. And I was like, "How is that possible? I could've sworn I would've heard it at least once in Biology or something." But it's still so fun! I wonder if it'll get into popular usage. You know, probably not. There's already a really similar word for the same sort of thing.
yeah exactly i just got confused and I'm still laughing at it so weird
Ooof, I thought today was Friday for some reason. I'm going to have to survive another two days. Man, I was getting all excited for a second. I'm suddenly not looking forward to tomorrow like I just was.
hahaha yeah i still have a decent bit of homework to do tonight the weekend will be here eventually though
That's what they all say. And yet, today is Wednesday. I don't even have anything to complain about. I just wasn't looking forward to an early-morning tutoring session. I found a new tutee recently, and we're still working out the kinks. I have to get him caught up to his regular grade level by winter, which I'm hoping isn't too difficult.
what do you tutor them in?
Oh, nothing too hard. Just high school math.
ooooh I'm assuming they aren't the most... motivated? i did some tutoring for elementary school kids a few years ago and they always had me work with the kids that didn't really want to do anything school related ha
One of them I think recently transferred to the school and has to completely relearn the curriculum, and he seems excited enough to catch up. The other I feel doesn't care about math very much. And that if she were to stop for the rest of her life, she'd say hallelujah and never look back. I think I'll be okay with the first one. Not sure what's going to happen with the second. I'm going to try, and I know she's going to try, too. We both know she isn't the fondest of math, so I'm trying to hit a nice medium of giving her little homework but also making sure she's prepared to go back into regular math. I'm not sure how it's going to work. I only meet with her twice a week, which means I assign two or three lessons per visit. It doesn't sound crazy, but, remember, we're in college and they're in high school. They're not really used to having big things assigned at once. Unless it's like essays? Anyway, I worry about her. I want her to catch up as quickly as possible so she isn't stressed, and I'm sure she wants that, too. And I'm not quite sure how to make it as easy on her as possible while still getting her comfortable enough with the material to pass her. She has some tests to retake, a huge amount of problem sets to catch up on, and not a whole lot of desire to do them. And the worst part is, we don't have enough time to cover concepts like we need to; and when I AM sitting with her, I feel like we don't really connect.
well that sounds like a mess I'm perfectly fine just handling my own life and school stuff hahah i personally don't like taking responsibility for other people's stuff and not that you are like taking responsibility away from her
No, I get it.
but just being involved in it to that extent can get me stressed
Yeah. It's certainly getting me stressed.
and its frustrating because it's out of your hands
I feel like if she doesn't pass then it's my fault, and it kinda is because that's what I'm being paid to do.
hahaha yeah exactly lots of the responsibility
But I feel like she doesn't really care about learning, just doing well enough to pass and then never see this stuff again.
but none of the actual power to change things
Yeah. Any advice?
take her tests for her! ha
Haha, I wish. I don't think she would mind all too much if she just grinded hard enough to pass through these classes. All she needs to do is pass, and then she'll be done. And I really want to teach her, I want to help her, I want to give her the best shot possible, but we might have conflicting goals. I'm not sure she cares all that much. And I don't know what to do about that. She's a really sweet girl. And I like meeting with her. I just, I don't know. I don't know how this is going to work out. She's not the first person I've tutored, but she IS one of the first where she wasn't really interested in learning the concepts. And the main difference is, the other people are willing to stay as long as they need until we've made sure that they're clear. She'll ditch as soon as class ends. It's okay. I don't blame her. I really don't think she enjoys it, so it's no surprise that she doesn't want to stay in a place where she dislikes everything. And if she never wants to touch math the rest of her life, that's fine. Not everyone needs to be a math major. But... we gotta survive high school. Dunno how that's going to happen.
i understand it's a tough situation conflicting goals is a huge part of life our aims don't always align with friends and family, much less random strangers anyways, i gotta concentrate on my accounting homework so byeeee

What do you mean, unicorns are real!! They only are shown to those who truly believe.
Yeah it's like Santa Claus I see Santa do you? I'm sure you do because you see unicorns
I sure do We are good friends
I don't see unicorns
You don't believe?
Yeah? What's Santa's favorite color? I don't believe in unicorns
Or maybe you don't look up enough! Look up next time you walk outside! They are migrating currently, it's getting too cold around here
Oh gotcha. Do they happen to live all over the world?
I'm not sure, I've only lived in 3 states and I've seen them there
I also have only lived in 3 states and I haven't seen them.
What a shame!
Yeah.
If food is your life what is you favorite kind of food?
Pizza
Says everyone always
Really it's everything but pizza is great
Do you like to buy pizza or homemake it? If I were to make a healthy pizza what would you suggest putting on it for toppings?
Great question. I buy it because I can never get the dough to taste good enough. How healthy are we talking? Because pizza isn't necessarily the most healthy thing you could eat. Unless you make the crust out of coliflower or something like that
Just topping-wise!
So you could make a pizza out of coliflower...
What are the best toppings?
Just kidding that would be gross
That would be so nasty!
I love Hawaiian pizza
But I'm sure there are people out there who do it YES
So Canadian bacon and pineapple
With pineapple
Right?
Sounds so good
It's the best
Although ham is so fatty, not really good for oyu
It's somewhat health because it has the fruit with it right?
"Somewhat" What is an exotic fruit that is super good to you?
If we went healthy maybe pizza with mushrooms and tuna so you get those omega 3s from the fish I really enjoy passion fruit
That sounds super good
And a fruit called lucama
Starfruit is really good too! Never heard of it, does it grow on trees?
I haven't ever had star fruit I think so? In South America, Peru especially, they make it into an ice cream and it is soooo good
I used to live in on an exotic island [true story] and now that I think about it I didn't ever see any unicorns there.... must be an american thing
It's definately an acquired taste though Must be.
I bet! That's awesome
I wish they had it here
And by "lived on an exotic island" I mean served a mission on one aka we ate so much starfruit it as well grows on trees
That's sick!
No it's delicious
I also lived on an island for about 4.5 months. Sick as in good
That's cool! Ever get island fever?
Or wicked awesome is another way to say it Yes! The island was not that small but the area I was in was just filled with tourists So I got really tired of trying to talk with them Key phrase: trying to talk with them. They didn't give us the chance much But the food was good There were a bunch of different salsas that they made and put on potatoes and it was sooo good. But it was really oily I have to go! See you!

Hello?
Hey what's up!
Not much and you?
My friends know pretty much everything there is to know about me. This is a hard question. Hmmmm.
hey adam are you there
Yes I'm here. Do you mind if I tell you a story
sure go ahead
About 15 years ago on Thanksgiving weekend About 15 years ago on Thanksgiving weekend My family and I were driving back from my grandparents To our house and we had just had Thanksgiving dinner The car was all loaded up with all of our luggage And we were headed out of town. On the way home we had to Drive through the mountains my dad was driving. In the car was my mom me and my dad and my sister We were all in our seatbelts and driving down the road My mom was fixing us a sandwich and putting sauce on it Are you still there?
Oh ok Yeah
Oh good I thought maybe I had lost you Oh good I thought maybe I had lost you
No haha sorry I just got distracted
I am trying out my voice to text feature on my phone So if every once in a while I make a mistake don't be mad at me I am actually getting better and better at using it Have you ever tried to use voice to text
yep
Do you like it
Yeah it works Yeah I am getting better at it as well
Cool. Well back to the story.
Sure.
My dad was driving through the mountains and my mom was fixing us An Arby's roast beef sandwich. She was putting on the sauce
Oh Arby's? I love Arby's.
Ha ha. I'm not talking about the kind of sauce like alcohol
Alcohol wow.
Normally my dad always gets the cheapest food on the menu at Arby's
Hahaha mine too!
But this time he let us order anything we wanted Anyway when my mom was unbuckled and turned around in her seat The rest of us were all in our seatbelts when my dad took his eyes off the road The car was going around the corner in the mountain pass And when my dad took his eyes off the road to see what my mom was
Ooohhh wow what happened?
He started going off the side of the road. He tried to correct the car
Not good.
No not good at all. The car started going across the highway at 80 mph When it hit the mountain side it made the car flipped over My mom's door popped open and the airbag went off The combination of the two shot her out of the car like a rocket
Wow Was she wearing her seatbelt?
That was actually probably a miracle because it got her out of the way of the car The car flipped over 3 12 times before coming to a It stopped just before it landed on my mom When the car stopped my mom started screaming. When the car stopped my mom started screaming. She wanted to know if the kids were ok
Oh that is crazy! It's a miracle she is still alive! I can't believe that happened to you. We're you hurt at all?
No. My sister and I were not hurt at all because we were in our car seats But my mom had her knees and a cut in her head There were a lot of nice people that day That stopped and helped us and prayed for us We had a little family dog that was in the car to She was a little bruised up but she was OK What was funny was my dad had a paintball gun in the car And when we crashed everything went out all over the road
Oh what for?
The paintballs for the gun were red and they went all over the road and were smashed So it look like there was blood all over the road and in the car The people that were helping us were really scared Hey do you mind if I take a small break I need to use the bathroom
sure go ahead
You know when nature calls. Nature calls.
haha
I'm taking my phone into the bathroom. You can't hear anything
haha thank goodness
OK I was just kidding. I was not going to use the phone in the bathroom So I will tell you something else about the accident. Exactly one month later at the same place There was an identical accident with a guy and a girl And the girl was ejected out of the passenger seat But this time the car rolled over four times and landed on top of her It was really sad to read about in the paper At least they didn't have any kids to leave behind
that is really sad and freaky
Yeah I think so too. It reminds me of how blessed we were Yeah I think so too. It reminds me of how blessed we were Anyway, I guess we should change topics Is there anything that you want to talk about?
anything is good for me im kind of busy right now so i am mainly listening
OK that's fine. I will tell another story.
cool. go ahead.
There was a time I went snowmobiling with my family We went with some friends into the mountains It was my sisters first time riding a snowmobile Actually it was not her first time riding a Snowmobile. It was her first time driving one though.
another accident story?
No thank goodness it wasn't another as a accident She was following my dad around behind his snowmobile And my dad went up the front of a really steep hill My dad almost didn't make it with his snowmobile But my sister didn't know better and she followed him up right behind him And she just held down the gas and hung on Everyone thought that she was either a crazy rider Or a really good snowmobile rider. Actually she was neither She just didn't know better. Thank goodness she didn't wreck
really?!
I have a similar story that kind of happened to me.
go ahead. lets hear it
I was on a trip with my dad and brothers to go Riding ATVs out in the desert by our house At that time I normally wear glasses but I did not have them with me My dad didn't know that I didn't have my glasses on Because I was wearing a helmet over my head He told me to follow him and my brother on there a ATVs So I did. But I am nearsighted. So I had to stay very close to them TheyThought that I was trying to keep up with them Thought that I was trying to keep up with them Because I was showing off my skills. Ha ha They took me up steep hills and over treacherous Ditches but I did not flinch or slow down. They did not rip realize that I couldn't see anything if I didn't stay really close to them I had no idea what I was driving over or through

Jarvis because infinity war! But interstellar is also a really good movie.
I haven't seen infinity war yet! I've heard it's amazing!
Girl if you drop out of the chat now to go see the movie I won't be offended it is astoundingly well-done. I promise not to say anything spoilers.
Hahaha you're wonderful I want to see it so bad! I might go see it tonight Have you seen all of the marvel movies?
You are so sweet! Bring the tissues and popcorn, it's a long haul. Yes I have, you are talking with a huge marvel nerd!
Yeah that's what I've heard! It's a tear jerker YES!!! SAME!
Who's your favorite Christmas? *Chris, haha, not Christmas
Haha like of all the Chris's or of the ones in the marvel movies?

Oh man this is a hard one, my best friend knows literally everything about my life! She lives in Provo as well so we have lots of time to talk.
My best friend doesn't know whether or not I prefer dark chocolate or milk chocolate. Yeah my best friend knows pretty much everything about me too

hi
Craziest thing... that is hard one.
lol yaaaaaaa ive done a lot rebellious teenager phase amiright?
Probably jumping of the cliffs into the lake at flaming gorge.
nice!
Or the time I feel off the raft when rafting the snake rover
ouch
Feell** Fell**
i understand um for me the craziest thing would probably be breaking into my school one night
Weirdest thing you have ever eaten? Ha ha
or when i went boating with my dad's friend and caught this huge wake on an inflatable and got some nasty whiplash weirdest thing fermented duck egg when i was in china wbu
Ugh. I have heard of those. I don't think I could try those. I am adventurous but yuck
lol ya it was weird but i was hungry dont recommend if the yolk is black thats not a good sign
Chicken feet were weird.
lol true
I don't know why you would want to eat them
supposedly theyre pretty good kinda like popcorn
From what I remember I was not thinking "popcorn" when o tried it
oh?
Ha ha I think I misunderstood what you said
oh i was just saying some of my friends who had tried it compared it to popcorn like flavor and munchability wise
Not getting the best service right now taking a bit for my messages to send!
same!
Testing! Afraid if I refresh I will lose the chat I have to say the zooming in when you start typing, is annoying when using this on a phone I have no idea if these messages are even going through! I am not receiving anything Gonna try again later Later

That's very vague. Unicorns meaning... simply horses with horns? No big deal. But if you bring magic into it, that's something else. Which incarnation of unicorns are we talking about? Most fantasies disagree on their precise characteristics.
This is true. If unicorns were real, we'd probably be used to it and it would be no big deal. But if they were magical...
Do they fly? Heal? Levitate objects? Can they only be summoned by a maidenly touch? Are they fully sentient? Would they work with humankind, or oppose it? Be utterly indifferent to it? Well, if you bring magic into it...that has great implications for the physical laws of the universe as a whole. The unicorns are only a side note. Would magic simply function as another form of energy? How would it be channeled? What possibilities would it introduce? Or would it override the laws of physics altogether, indicating that we dwell in an indifferent, chaotic universe? How would that be logically supportable? Would mankind find ways to control it, as with lightning?
Would they be just another subsection of horse then?
Most likely, based on cladogenics. It's unlikely for unicorns and horses to share almost all physical characteristics and not have a very close common ancestor. However, sentience is almost as big of a deal.
Yes, definitely.
My guess is that unicorns would be directly related to horses, but have evolved [from there] convergently with humankind to develop sentience. Possibly with the mediation of m *magic Alternatively, they could be closely related to humans, but have achieved a higher degree of intelligence andor technological development, possibly co-opting genetically altered horse forms to take control of when their humanoid ones die.
I think the later would be more probable because of the unlikelihood of a magic allele There would have to be very strange occurrences for a trait like that to become dominant enough to spread throughout a population
Yeah. If we're talking about a magic allele, then I would think of magic as a sort of additional or enhanced sense, not a form of energy. Similar to the magnetic sense experienced by many magical creatures, or the way a mantis shrimp can see a far wider spectrum of color than you or I. It's hard to see how an allele would confer the ability to manipulate a certain form of energy. A buildup of genetic differences might do it. Think a horse population isolated for centuries in an environment that encourages interaction with energy in an unusual way. Sorry, magnetic sense experienced by many *migratory* creatures
These are all good points, though unfortunately I have to go to work now. It's been lovely talking with you

Whale that would be something...it would probably freak me out so I'd keep it in it's own room so it could chill out on it's own Then I wouldn't have to be around it while it's on Or I'd just turn it off anyway even if it asked not to be turned off
Haha yeah that would be weird I mean in a way they sometimes already do
That's truuuue
Like they will say I'm downloading something, do not shut off the power haha But if you don't want that thing downloaded who cares
It would be sketch because you wouldn't know if the computers are programmed that way or if they're being tapped into with a whack virus Yeah true I'd definitely still turn it off, but we don't know if it's like "if you turn me off I'll delete all of your files" or something like that There could be risks and such
Haha oh yeah. We would have to go back to paper files!

Probably my mom to be honest
My mom is my hero as well!
Sweet!!!!!! Moms are just superheroes in their own right!
So true, they deal with so much so much stuff and they have to raise kids. They are the ultimate superheroes! They are also the coolest people to hang out with
They really are! Especially when kids go through rebellious and attitude filled phases They are great friends no matter the situation
I know! I love being able to talk to my mom about everything
Right?!?!? Good or bad, moms are always there and willing to listen
True. On a side note, Captain America is also my hero;)
YASSSSSSSS Cap is AMAZING!!!!!
YES HE IS!! He is my favorite by far. Have you seen infinity war?
Yes!!!
That movie wrecked me. I cannot handle how it ended.
Right?!?!? Sooooo many issues
Peter's death got to me the most.
I kknow!! Especially the whole i dont wanna go part
Uggggghhhhhh. I started crying at that point.
Right?!?! That was the most tear worthy moment
They better fix it all in Avengers 4

Hello And that is a silly question cause my best friend know absolutly everything And even if she didn't it isn't something I am likely to tell a complete stranger Hello?
Hello Hi there! How are you? Hmmm, my best friend knows everything too

Screw the prompt, let's talk about politics.
What can the magic wand do?
No Kohlten, politics
Haha, okay I am down.
Alright, republican or liberal
I can not stand liberals
haha saaaaame
Like I would love to live in California, but I would hate living with so many liberals
have you ever heard of steven crowder yeah dog, California is cancer
No sir. who is he
you can't even use plastic straws because of the sea turtles
Hahaha
He's a conservative comedian
I am gonna look him up haha
check him out though, he does conversations with liberals on college campuses and he just destroys people with facts while they cry
Do they actually cry though?
Some of them actually do haha, like they can't handle the facts
The truth can be hard to accept So going back to the prompt really quickly haha I would make all liberals disappear with the magic wand
Yeah, and he also confronts people that make death threats against him, they're always this edgy person online, but then in person they're a beta and yeah same, I would just make them all stop whining
Haha I can't stand complainers
Yeah, I just feel like there is a very strong victim complex with a lot of people on the left
I am in class right now and I am missing a lot of information but I think winning an iPad is more important
always gotta blame something besides your own incompetence for your problems
exactly I agree they can't accept that they need to change instead they blame it on global warming
haha same here man, there's no way im gonna win this round because someone is at 7 million points, but I'm trying to get 5 hundred thousand for the raffle entry for the MacBoo Yeah, that or the patriarchy or the system that's keeping them down
haha I literally just started today so I have 0 points But I am dipping man. nice talking to you conservatives all the way

Control over the Force:D
Nice, I would like telekinesis
I figure you could enable mind power, flying, longer life, etc. from that What would you do with telekinesis?
Good point about the force. I feel like I could do things fast that way
Like homework? Or accomplishing task? Or more physical things, like running?
Both, really
Nice. Do you know how many daysweeks this chit-chat challenge will be up?
It ends May 16th
Cool, that isn't too long away. I have found that most conversations are pretty short lived. I originally thought that it was chatting with the computer People are much more interesting, but it is odd to try and talk about say "superpowers" for extensive periods of time over the web Probably mostly to try and just get points for the prizes
Oh, really? Did that make some conversations awkward? [with you think they were the computer] And yeah about the superpowers Some people I chatted with completely ignored the prompt
Indeed. What did they talk about? Random topics of interest.?
Like ask about my day or what I like to do. Some conversations actually elaborated from the prompt Like from a secret that your BFF doesn't know to hiking or about where we lived
Neat. I need some more practice on this Chit-Chat thing. I do like the idea that it is all anonymous-unless that person happens to be sitting next to you in the same class. To talk about differing topics with different people, get opinions and learn about them but all anonymously; it is kinda fun
I can tell you I am definitely not sitting next to you. It is very fun. It kind of makes me want to meet them
Haha, yeah. And that would have been an odd coincidence. Isn't that what makes the intrigue so much better? Okay, so here is a question. If you could immerse yourself in a foreign culture for a full year, with no access to technology, which culture would you pick?
It does make it better because you feel like you can actually share some opinions. The culture I would be Ireland and Japan
Very true. Ireland and Japan are some good, albeit different choices. When I think of Ireland I think of "Leap Year", coasts, and calm Japan just seems like a whole lot of modern fun mixed with a rich history
*side note: you type so fast I thought you were a computer at first * Yeah, Japan is super interesting with the difference to here. Ireland- I might have ancestors from there
Haha, going off of that, what question would you ask to try and determine if you were talking to a computer or not? Is there one that would help us determine if our online interactions were human to human? I have some ancestors coming through Ireland as well Solid Irish blood some generations back!
I think I would ask about what you liked. A computer would just have a generic answer while a human will elaborate with a back story I like reading about folklore from Ireland too
Very intuitive. I had never thought of that. Humans are pretty cool. Any favorite tales from Ireland?
The Fey
What is the premise or summery of it? *summary
I like the summary. Like all the different creatures and the laws of natureorder that seem to come with the tales
The only one I know about is the Blarney stone. It is a rock in a castle that if kissed is supposed to give the person skill, or luck or the such So it is a place that attracts a lot of tourists.
I've heard of that one too. I think it's kind of gross and funny
Definitely worth a try as long as you don't contract some weird disease from all the other people
True. I'll have to do it when I go. Well, I'm sorry to cut this short. But, I have to go to dinner: [Have a good rest of your day!

hi who's this?
Hello!
Heyyy welcome back
Thank you thank you
how was putting up a sign?
It went well, I didnt get any mosquito bites That is a win for me
hahaha are mostquitos out already?
in the south they are
oh
They are vicious And they love me
they love me too bugs love my blood for some reason
Same I think mine must be sweet or something
if you figure out a cure for it let me know what kind of sign did you put up?
Hahaha I for sure will It was a for sale sign. My mom does real estate and had a new listing
nice so back to photography I see a lot of photographers on instagram and they follow me all the time and their styles are seriously all the same desserty tan hue with dark blacks
Haha yeah that is the trendy look right now
its quite annoying actually boring you know?
It kind of is a boring dull look Usually engagements and weddings are bright happy things, so the pictures should reflect that
true
What kind of look do you like in pictures
hmmm natural if someone can get the mood without filters or adjustments that is what I appreciate
Yeah, it is hard to accomplish that
Do you feel like you can do that?
Sometimes Some photos dont need much of anything if you get it right. But I still like to push them in editing
do you like editing? or is that a tidious part of photography?
I like it, not a lot all at once, that gets tedious. Like trying to edit hundreds of pictures for weddings but If I do shoots for fun with friends its not too bad. Or if I am making conceptual pieces Once I spent 12 hours editing one photo
oh my goodness 12 hours? what took that long?
I made a super cool, well I thought it was cool, scary piece We took pictures at an abandoned asylum and had smoke bombs and a gas mask and then I edited hands cutting into the person it was dark but super cool and it turned out well I just wanted to see what I could really do with photoshop
oooooh that sounds awesome if you could work for a photo agency would you?
Oh definitely
what companies?
I have always said my dream job would be something like that Like a national geographic photographer Or some other big photo journalism magazine
nat geo photographer would be amazing get paid to travel and take pics Do you know who jimmy Chin is?
I dont? Right It would be a great job Maybe not the best for the family or raising one but it would be fun
yeah true
What is Jimmy Chin?
Jimmy Chin is a Nat Geo Photographer that photographs alpinists and climbers and people who go explore the unknown because of the nature of the work he also is a climber, skiier and many other things
Oh I think I have seen his work At one point I went and followed all of their photographers
oh wow
Not in person
who is your favorite and draw most inspiration from?
Like on social media
oh haha yeah i got ya
Haha good Um I cant actually think of their name.... This is embarassing
no worries no judgement here all love
Haha thanks I like James Kirk Richards as an artist He is fantastic
what style is he?
He does paintings and all the works are almost not finished But they are Its weird They allude to the image
oh wow yeah I've seen his stuff I just looked him up I love that you cant use your imagination and sort of finish the painting but not really
Isnt it really cool!? I love it I dont know how he does it, I have tried to do similar stuff but it just looks unfinished but not a finished unfunished
finished but unfinished but like finished but unfinished huh hahaha
Hahaha it never ends I also like Rose Datoc Datol I think thats her name
that is a weird name haha
her last name is just doll Her style if very unique too
waht kind of painting does she do?
She uses one color or two and various tones And it is very sharp and contrasted
interesting I love it
Haha me too Those are my favorite paiting artists
if you can wish for one thing right now what would it be? tell me the first thing that came to your head
Bread I dont know why
woah
But that was the first thing
hahahaha you hungry?
Probably but its after 11 so I am trying not to eat
you on a meal plan or something? sorry if thats personal or anything
Oh no I am at home I just shouldnt keep eating
like you on a diet?
No, not really I just know I had enough food today and I dont really need any more So I shouldnt eat more
yeah man dont eat you dont need it what kind of bread tho im curious haha then ill stop tempting you
Haha the kitchen is too far for me to be tempted at this point its all the way down stairs Do you know the rolls they offer at long horn steak house?
lol down the stairs hahaha
It is too far
no ive never been there
Oh
i love texas roadhouse rolls though
They have really good rools
how do they compare?
About the same I have no prefrence Anyways I would want bread like that
their cinnamon butter is soooo good
That butter is so good I love butter
me too
Our fridge has like 8 boxes of butter right now
is that normal for your fam?
Absolutely not
you guys having a party?
Not that I know of I dont know why we would ever have that much
hmm this is a mystery that we need to solve!
"Where did the butter come from, where did it go"
hahaha
Maybe I can make a lot of cookies Or toast
mmmmm I bought my mom a kitchen aid and shes making lots of cookies everyday I made a great investment haha
YOU ARE A GENIUS I like cookies I have good self control if I dont start eating them But once I start all bets are off
what is your favorite type of cookie?
I like sugar cookies
oh really? you are the first I've met that like sugar cookies the best
Really?
yeah really
Most of the time the cookie dough doesnt make it to the oven to be honest
hahahaha i like you when I first made cookies with a friend when I was young I thought it was so weird that they ate the dough
My dad has always set aside some to just eat raw My mom doesnt support that, but I love it haha
hahaha why doesnt she support it? health reasons or just because she wants to give the dough some chance to live?
Hahahaha
are you a person that drives until the gas light comes on to fill up or not?
I usually go at a quarter tank to fill up but if it goes past that its going to be when the light comes on
Im the same way I get so much anxiety when the light comes one on
Oh yeah I need to have assurance I wont run out of stuff Especially phone battery
oh haha with phones I go till like 5% then I pull out my charger
Unless it is night time and I am not going out, I dont like it below 40
do you have an iphone?
No I use the samsung galaxy note 8
oh on the iphone it has low power mode and you can enable it when you hit 20% battery does the galaxy have the same option?
Yeah it has a max mid or low you can enable anytime
apple or microsoft?
Like preference? If I had to pick one
yes
Hm If I had the money, apple But I really like microsoft for the purposes I use technology Apple has good processing and unity among products I give both credit what about you
apple for phones because there are a lot of conveniences and all my family and friends use it but pc for computers because the price for apple is insanity
Hahaha this is true I just bought a new computer and ended up getting an Asus but they tried to sell me an apple so hard
good for you dont fall in to the apple trap they do make great laptops though
The only apple thing I have is an ipad those are pretty decent
they are nice I never have been a fan of tablets though probably because I have no use for them
So you wouldnt be a fan of the two in one lap tops?
hmm it would be nice to take hand written notes in but i think thats it
Yeah that is what I use it for

I just watched Avengers infinity war last week. It was aweome!!! awesome*
Avengers infinity war ME TOO
Oh my goodness!!!!!! That's too great haha How did you like it
SOOOOO GOOD, SAD, AMAZING
YESSSSSSSSSS Except the ending killed me ughhh
I wanted to cry and laugh at the ending
now we have to wait forever for the next one
I KNOW
Me too!!!!
GROOT! SPIDERMAN WHYYYYYYYY It killed me
I know!!!! so many main characters Me too!! They better bring them back
I know and spiderman just came back to us I needed him
They'd have a lot of angry people on their hands haha Haha right???
I know
And when he said to stark... "i dont feel so good" OH MY GOODNESS
I kinda want an alternet universe where they lived but the ones That did live could be dead instead I know I cried
Hulk was hillarious in it too. Haha yes! That would be cool
Yes hulk was amazing I really like how they have developed his character
me too!! he was so funny. I love the actor too
I want a univers where tony, and captin america die, and then all the people who died are having to pick up the peices
oh that would make a very interesting movie!!! I would definitely go and see that haha whos your favorite avenger
Right then they could produce like twice as many movies my fav is black wido and groot
True!!!
I can not choses between the two
Oh yes! Black widow is killer. She's awesome Its so hard to choose!
Right and I want a movie about her SOOOOOOOOOO bad Which are your favs?
YES! That would be sooooo goood. so many people would watch that. I love iron man because hes so funny and sarcastic
See my problem with iorn man is how he acted during civil was
oh true that movie was so good too
I liked him a lot, before though
black panther is cool too
That was a good movie
but I havent seen his movie yet
Yes I looooved black panter and not becasue of the actors, but becasue i was a good plot and exicution Really!!! you need to Its sooooooo coooooool
Oh yeah? Yeah I need to!! my sister saw it without me haha I want to see it so bad!!! I love marvel movies so much
That is so rude! (: I love marvel alot to do you like DC or marvel better?
Marvel haha for sure What about you DC is good too though I love the flash and supergirl haha
Marvel for sure too
So what made you choose BYU
I looove the flash!!! he is sooo funny
Me too!!!!!!
I chose BYU for the church aspect
I havent seen any of season four though
me either
Me too! Its been my dream school from the beginning netflix doesn't have it hahaha
Mine was BYU-H but I didn not get in
Oh I'm sorrry. I have heard its so hard to get it in*
Yeah sooo hard
I would love to visit hawaii sometime
me too I want to be a photographer so the perfect sopt [; spot*
i love the beach so much! YEs!!! that would be the perfect place!!! its beautiful there!!!
I have never been, but the pictures are amazing
Did you apply anywhere else other than byu and byu-h
Have you been
No i haven't but I would love to go My cousin is going there this summer, I am so jealous haha.
BYU I So jealous
me too! I didn't apply to byu-h though Its too hard to get in there haha
It is, but i mean you should always try what do you want to study?
It is true. but I also didn't want to live so far away Not quite sure, I am thinking like becoming a foreign language teacher. I love SPanish so much What about you
thats true that aspec would have been hard Cool my dad majored in spanish @ byu
He did? How did he use it?
wildlife and wildland conservation and art education
that is so cool!!!!!
well, for alot of his jobs he was hired becasue he could speak spanish so well with the plants down in mexico thanks! we are also in a spanish speaking ward
Oh I see!! that is soo cool! Oh you are? That is so neat! We dont have any where I live
but i dont speak spanish it is the best I love the feeling and the members it feels more like a family
How does that work then? Do they speak english in your ward too? THat is soo sweeet I love when ward members become family
yeah we are patnered with a emglish ward for the kids to go to youth with and sacrement is translated into english yeah and the food is amazing we have people from all over the spanish speaking countries
I bet!! That is so cool! I want to attend one now haha for the fun of it That is so neat!!!! I love spanish I love spanish and mexican food!! Its so good, who can turn down a good taco, right??
i know i cant
Tacos are too good. Have you ever had street tacos??
yes they are sooooo good i love breakfast tacos sooo much
They are!! I could eat and eat them Breakfast tacos? Hmmm I dont think I have had those Only like breakfast burritos
yes i could never get sick of them, there are so many diffrent kinds soo good! have you had diskada?
There are!! I have always wanted to try an asian taco. No i haven't. What is it
It so good
I have never even heard of it before
it is a dish where you mix cherizo and potatos an dchiken, and anything else you want into a giant metal disk and cook it over an open fire my mouth is watering just thinking about it
I LOVE CHERIZO!!!! its my favorite. That sounds sooo good. Now I know I am going to have to try that ASAP You're making me hungry:) lol
You must! sorry, not sorry (: whats you altime fav dessert?
OH gosh that's hardd.....so many good ones out there!!!!! How in the world do you pick? What about you?
Mine is tres leches cake!
OH MY YES!!!! I agree! sooooo good, and addictive
with fresh strawberries and homemade whipped cream i know i can't stop when i start
oh my heavens.... that sounds so good I want some now
and any flavor of ice cream kills me
and that chorizo dish too YES ice cream all the way
i die for ice cream i think most of my time is spent reading, watching movies and eating
Haha ME TOO! And school of course. Ugh dreaded homework and papers
i know they are the worst
They are. Im so excited to graduate haha
Me too Whats you fav class? other than spanish [;
whens your graduation? Mine would have to be math maybe?? that sounds strange but I do enjoy it...when I GET IT lol What about you
Me too, math and english and art, i am to indesiseve (: mines june 7th what about you?*
Haha im indescisive too!!! HEY MINES JUNE 8th!!!!!! One day off of yours haha
nice! Whats you fav books?
I'm sorry, but I gotta go! It was so nice talking to you!!! Maybe Ill see you on campus haha? Have a great day!
Nice talkin to you to! hope I do!

YOYOYOYOYOYO
hello how are you?
Im great at chatting
do you like JAzz? and the bee movie?
You like jazz?
I really like jazz in fact, i listen every day

Jarvis is a bro easy
I personally like Holly from Red Dawrf red dwarf was a British sitcom from the 80's and 90's
haven't seen it
it's pretty good.
what led you to watch a british sitcom from the 80's and 90's?
haha parents introduced me to it
sounds like cool parents
yeah they've been to Coachella several times
noice
and guess who hasn't me
haha
do you know how long these discussions need to be? I had some that last 30 minutes and others that last 30 seconds
you get different amount of points based on how many comments so the longer the conversation, the more points
oh goodie so just make lots of meaningful comments then
short ones are around maybe 5,000 and i've had longer ones worth around 90k
oof so it's mostly based on length?
and word count i think
eh that's not so bad the top scorer has 7 million points though
but they have an algorithm to make sure it's legitimate conversation
of course otherwise people would just do crap to win
yeah people are poop sometimes
nothing is closer to the truth
but sometimes they are great
also true depends whether they're hangry or not
haha true
or if they want a new laptop
I would honestly still do this without the prizes
really? just to talk with strangers? it's kind of like BYU omegle
yeah
well I would totally love a new laptop or iPad so that's why I've decided to help out with whatever the science people are doing
people tend to be a lot more interesting when taken away from outside forces
perhaps I guess that way they could give you their undivided attention just for a new topic to talk about what would you consider your favorite TV show
Like you are very likely someone that I would never talk to in a normal situation. I could go my whole life without hearing your opinion. It
I see
's cool to have this opportunity
I get that
I like the Office
office is good
and Gotham and all the Netflix Marvel shows you?
I like Black Mirror pretty interesting it's sort of like social commentary
i've never seen it what's it about?
imagine Twilight Zone but for 2018
hmmm sounds interesting
it's also an anthology series meaning that the characters and cast is different each episode and so is the setting, etc
hmmm does it have a lot of politics in it?
eh not really mostly warning society about the dangers of technology and society's own dangers to itself
okay, cool i'll have to check it out sometime
a bit of a thriller but not too much blood
is it on netflix?
yes only on Netflix I think
okay, cool. Netflix is all that I have for TV
there's a deal where you can get Spotify and Hulu for only $4.99 a month Spotify premium
i've heard, but I'm too lazy to sign up
it's not that hard but then again I've used the same excuse for everything this past semester

Hey there! How's it going?
Hey how are you!
Adam! It's been a while
Yeah it has definitely been a bit
I'm good. How are you doing?
Pretty good
Nice nice. I'm so happy the weather changed. It's much nicer and less stormy than yesterday. So, how many chats do you currently have open? hahah
Hello? I cant see what you are typing I cant see what you are typing at all or what I am typing
That seems problematic. I can see what you're typing! Any change? Try switching between tabs and seeing if it reappears?
Maybe refreshing the page will work?

hey there
Hi!
hey there im shaw
Hi. I'm IRC
i am an international student from Nigeria
Oh that's cool. What's your major?
nursing you?
That's cool. I haven't decided, yet. Right now I've declared Neuroscience, though
oh, thts cool pre-med?
Possibly, not sure yet. So what field do you want to go into with Nursing?
i wanna continue with nursing and specialize
Sorry, what?
im gonna do a masters in nursing, so i can specialise in a particular field
Oh! Okay. Sorry. That is so cool!
yeah, thanks so, what do you do for fun?
:) Um... I like to draw, ice skate, and volunteer places. What about you?
i love volunteer work, its one of the reasomns i want to be a nurse, i love helping out and putting smiles on peoples face, im terrible at drawing, i play the saxophone, drum i really wanna learn how to snowboard and ice skate
Yeah. Volunteering is so awesome. Yeah, nursing is great with that! That is so awesome! Haha. I am terrible at drawing too, but I like it. The saxophone and drum? That is so cool! I have never snowboarded in my life, I want to try it!
me toooooo maybe if we ever meet in school, you can teach me how to skate, i always watch people on TV
:D yeah! That would be cool
yeah hows life at BYU WHAT DO YOU LIKE THE MOST?
:D I don't know. You tell me. I haven't started yet I am going to start in the Fall.
me too i havnt started i heard the peopel are really nice *people
Oh cool!! Yeah, I have heard that too. My brother and sister are going to BYU right now and they seem to like it a lot
thats fantastic my uncle went to byu Idaho
:D That's awesome. Did he like it?
yes he did found his wife there he works in wells fargo now, he stays in CA
Oh nice!!:D
whats your favorite TV show?
Um... I don't know. I like Grey's Anatomy. What is your favorite TV show?
i like glee
Oh nice. I have only seen a few episodes
my friend really likes greys anatomy'hes crazyabout it
Hahaha. I haven't gotten very far. I am only in like the 3rd season, but I like it so far
hes in the current season and episode i really like anime though
Haha. Nice! Oh cool. I haven't seen too much anime
which one have you seen
Um... the movies, "Spirited Away" "Howl's Moving Castle" and "Pono" Hahaha
oh i havent seen any of those have you seen NAruto
Oh okay. No, I haven't ever seen NAruto. Is it good?
yes it was like my first anime, i started it in third grade, it was really good
Nice!!! What is it about?
a kid who loses his parents and has this demon wolf inside him, hes stigmatised by everyone, he has no family, but his dream is to be the ruler of his village, the anime shows his nina training, the obstacles he had to overcome to becoome recognised in his village as a respectable NInja its a great anmime *anime
Nice. I will have to look that up. Sorry. I have to go now. It was nice talking to you!

No, they aren't alive
haha I know! What kind of question is that?
Well since this whole thing is based on Eve and Wall-e I guess that is why it's asking
ooooh that makes so much more sense well it's pixar and everything has feelings in pixar so in that instance, YES. but in real life no that's weird
Yeah, that would be weird if we just randomly heard computers saying they loved each other
eugh... yeah... so how are you?

Hi
guess whos back

That is an interesting question for sure. I'm studying psychology and am currently learning about the way the brain works, especially in the sense of emotions... as far as I can tell, emotions are a very complex, and sometimes even humans have a hard time expressing or explaining or even identifying their emotions. If it is possible to hardwire a computer to feel or experience such complex emotions, and if they are able to accurately identify them, then I'd say it would be possible But I feel as though we have a long ways to go in the world of technology until it comes to the point where computers can fall in love
I mean in terms of a brain working, it's off of nerves firing electric pulses right? So if there's a way to copy the way neurons work, then maybe they can accomplish that? But true, like what you said, emotions are complex in general and have a lot of different factorsaffectors that are hard to predict I just think about the movie, Artificial Intelligence when I think about whether computers can love.

My modern-day hero is probably Captain America, if we're going fictional.
Is it possible for your modern day hero to be a collective group of people? Because if it can, my modern day hero is my family. They motivate me in all and everything I do.
Haha yeah! I think that's totally valid Plus if we're going nonfiction, I'd agree with you.
Really! Do you miss your family a lot?

I would promote public transportation by implementing more bus routes, trains, subways and especially public use bicycles. These modes of transportation can be easily accessed through a common access card.
I would try figuring out better ways to create reuseable and maintainable energy sources more accessible to more people
Ooooh tell me more! How would you go about doing this!?
Ok! Since one day is really short for creating a lot of change, I would try creating more efficiency with the programs of health care, transportation, economy growth, etc. I would also try to reduce waste of resources and costs with what it takes to run a country. Digital security and guidelines with regards to DNA information uses and policies would also be a part of the list of things I'd try implementing! Do you think implementing a public scooter system would be beneficial or not to cutting down on cost of transportation and health if initiated in a metropolitan area?

Hello?
Hello
If money were no object, how would you spend your time?
I would spend my time learning how to make apps Or watching Netflix...
That's cool, what kind of apps would you like to learn to make? Do you already have experience in app development?
I don't have current experience with app development per se, but I do have general programming experience
Gotcha, what kind of programming experience do you have? Are you studying computer science?
I am a computer science major, so I have some experience with C++, assembly, and Java
Have you taken 240 yet? Or did you get your experience in Java elsewhere?
I took 240 last year, but I started teaching myself Java when I was 16
Wow, way cool! So if you had a choice, what platform would you build your apps on?
I am personally an Apple guy, but I would like to be able to develop for both Apple and Android
That would be cool. I'm not the biggest fan of Android development after taking 240. Currently I do a lot of work with Angular and I've been exploring the Ionic framework.
That sounds fun
It lets you develop native apps for IOS, android, and windows using the same codebase. It's pretty cool!
I've been looking a little bit at a framework called Flutter that was put out by Google to do something similar
I've never heard of that one. There are some really cool tools out there!
What would you do if money was not an object
I know that it sounds cliche, but I'd love to travel, experience different cultures and foods, and serve wherever I go.
Where would be your dream place to visit?
My wife and I would love to explore South America since we both speak Spanish, though we also have dreamed of going to Africa and south Asia. I'd really love to go to as many different places as I can... if money were no object.
Do you still practice your Spanish?
As much as I can. My wife and I don't speak Spanish together, but her mom and grandparents are from Argentina, so we get some practice in.
That's cool. I volunteer at the MTC to practice my Spanish, but its not as much as I would like
That's neat! Where did you learn Spanish?
I was a missionary in Mexico
Neat! Which mission?
Culiacan
Cool! What made you decide to study Computer Science?
My dad is a programmer, so I've been around computers most of my life
That's cool. I had no idea that computer science would be something that I'd be interested in until my freshman year at college.
What got you interested in it?
I was originally a pre-engineering major, but I decided that I didn't want to do engineering when I got here. I had met a lot of engineers on my mission and I didn't really want their job. So then I started talking to different people, expressing my interests and strengths. Eventually, there were three different majors that sounded like I would really enjoy them: Computer Science, Information Systems, and Global Supply Chain. What decided it for me was a conversation that I had with my future father-in-law [my wife and I weren't even dating at the time] that just made it really clear. So I took Computer Science 142 and never looked back!
Well, it was nice chatting with you

Hi
Hello
Hey again
Anything new haha
no quite. I'm still watching TV and some of that.
I've made some progress on my room

Hello?
Hi! How are you? Do you prefer Mozart or Beethoven?
Tired, but good. Hm, I'm not much of a classical person, but I'm thinking Beethoven You?
Oh that's too bad, did you have a busy day? I'm getting a music degree so I know the many differences between the two and I'd have to say Beethoven as well, good choice!
More like the opposite. We didn't much of anything at school, which makes me tired. Haha, so this question was right up your alley!
Oh are you still in school? It totally was! Both Mozart and Beethoven are incredible musical figures but Beethoven was just more influential in moving music along so I'd go with him
Yep. Our last day isnt until June 11. Highly unfortunate. What year are you in? Hm, that's a good reason. Did they have very different composition styles?
Are you still in high school? I just finished my fifth semester here, I'm a senior!
Holy guac, I forgot this was for all BYU students. This was definitely up your alley then.
Pretty different, Mozart was influential during the classical period, but music during the classical period was characterized by strong cadences and not much exploration of other keys. Beethoven transitioned from the classical to the romantic era and thus his music is much more complex than Mozart. But Mozart has more charm than Beethoven. Beethoven has way more drama though! Haha yeah it's mostly freshman because for some reason freshman got an email about this but they didn't send out emails about this to upperclassman, I heard about it from a friend. Are you starting at BYU in the fall then?
Yep! Fall freshman's *ignore that 's
Fun! Are you excited? What classes are you taking?
YES! Mrgh, I'm extremely ready to be done with HS. I haven't been able to register for classes yet but I'm hoping for Mandarin, writing 150, bio 130, teachings of the BoM and Some stac classes
You guys end kind of late, I graduated from high school the end of April! What are you thinking about studying? Sounds like a lot of fun classes!
WHAT?!?! April? I've met so many people who are already graduated from HS or only have a week left and here I am waiting for next month that to come. Ugh. I'm majoring in English, maaaybe a minor editing. I wanted to double major with biodiversity and conservation, but the advisers said that probably wouldn't be a good idea So that's what the random bio class is there for
Yeah, so sorry! It's okay, you're almost done! Is AP testing this week? Oh awesome, what do you want to do with that? And yeah let me tell you college is harder than you think it is...one major is hard enough to handle as a general rule! Double majors are a little more feasible if there is lots of overlap between the two majors But if you feel really strongly about it totally go for it!
I finished all my IB tests last week and I have an AP stats test next week, which shouldn't be too bad... Right, if the maiors were closer together j would've leaned more towards a double but they are on complete opposites of the spectrum Frankly, I just kind of wanted to learn about animals, so I'm taking the prerequisites for the upper classes like icthyology or herpetology, etc
Oh congratulations, you're totally almost done! Did you have a pretty busy senior year? Yeah it's too bad that it's hard to pursue many different interests and get multiple degrees in college. And good plan, that way you learn some other stuff also What has made you decide to go into English?
Soooo close. I can see the light. Yeah, pretty busy, but I think it was also my best year, which is nice I really like to read and write and analyze different books for themes and such. I wouldn't mind going into editing bc thats just something I enjoy doing I guess Plus I looked at the classes under the English major and they all sounded really interesting
You can totally do it!!!! Yeah it's kind of too bad that high school gets better and better as you go along because by the time it's bearable you have to leave Okay that's fair, do you like to read? And do you want to teach or something like that?
Yep, I love reading. Though I've sadly lost the ability to sit for hours in end and mow through a book...I start falling asleep if I'm not doing anything else... Ugh, I know, freshman year and junior year we're the worst I don't really want to teach bc I feel bad about shoving "learning" into kids' heads,. Even though I like being with little kids
That's cool! What kind of books do you like to read? And yeah I totally understand! Every time I sit down I feel like I'm going to fall asleep, so reading books is really hard That's totally fair, it takes a special kind of person to like teaching and have the patience to teach...maybe you could teach at the college level?
Haha, I like fantasy bookssci-fi, but I've started to enjoy more classics and realistic fiction I considered a college level teaching...but I just don't like grading papers...which is pure laziness on my part and I know that's not all teaching is so I may change my mind
Awesome, what were some of your favorite books as a kid? Haha yeah that's totally fair, it's a lot of papers. And sorry I'm totally pressuring you into what you're going to do with your degree! It's totally your call and there's no reason why you have to know now. I don't even know and I'm way closer to graduating!
Haha no worries! Not feeling pressured Im a pretty big Harry Potter and Percy Jackson fan, and Brandon Sanderson and tamora pierce
Cool, good taste in books! You can't go wrong with Harry Potter. What's the most recent thing you've read that you liked? It looks like I've got to head out but thanks for talking and good luck with everything! Have a good last few weeks as a high school student!

Running by the Provo bakery in the morning when they are baking smells SO GOOD!!!!!!
I like the smell of fresh cut grass.
Is it bad that I like the smell of gasoline...? haha
I honestly almost said that, but I'm glad that you agree because I enjoy it as well. Although it probably is bad haha
haha ok good. Glad we are on the same page. Were you quoting Harry Potter with your smell? Or do you actually like the smell of grass?
I was not quoting Harry Potter, I didnt know they said that. Haha but I do like the smell and Harry Potter as well.
Oh haha sorry. Hermione just says that at one point. It is a good smell!
I don't think it would be my favorite though. I can't think of what my favorite would be. I'd had to smell it to remind me I think. So you like to run then?
Yeah I like to run. I just ran a half marathon a few weeks ago. Do you like to run?
I do and don't at the same time. I ran track and cross country in high school but I don't enjoy cross country. In track I did the hurdles and I enjoyed that a lot more. So I enjoy short distance running
Yeah, I have never really liked running. In high school I played soccer and basketball. I HATED running unless it was chasing after a ball. But then high school ended and so I had to find something else haha. I ran a Ragnar race with some friends and liked running after that.
That's awesome! My roommate runs marathons and Ragnars. I also played basketball in high school and that's my favorite. Do you play still?
I mean just intramurals. I'm not that great anymore. But I do like to play! Do you?
Yeah I play intramurals as well and I am also in a class and then just pickup whenever I can. That's my only source of exercise cause I never hit the gym haha

hey how's your sunday been so far??:)
I was pretty hungry for the first half
well it was fast sunday so yeahhh.. i actually wasn't so i was super surprised
Big dinner, or just really in tune with your inner self
i went to a different ward today so i think just all the excitement and the spirit definitely kept my hunger away
Yeah, its easy to forget about it when you have plenty of things to keep your mind occupied with, i love meeting new people and hearing their testimonies
i went to the singles ward that i'll be attending this summer so just having the spirit confirm that i was in the right. place was super cool
Oh yeah? That's really important and it's always nice to have the spirit confirm that you are where you're supposed to be
well i wasn't planning on going, but i went to a fireside for it a couple weeks ago and got the feeling i need to go there so i went today and it was amazing
That is so awesome, i think I'm jealous of your sunday
oh yeah? we had a linger longer today too with taco salads
That's always a plus, taco salads a super good food for being conversational
yeah we were able to eat and talk so it was way fun
I feel like formal dinners are fun, but its when you can get taco sauce on your shirt and have laugh about it you can have the best time
plus they let us take home the bottles of cilantro ranch if we wanted to so that was a plus haha
Oh my goodness, that stuff is so good Have had the cafe rio sauce? Have you *
yeah haha i'm more of a costa vida girl though
Nooooo! Not costa vida *a single tear rolls down face* That is tragic
it's like a cult thing here though i swear most people like it better than cafe rio
Some can handle the heat of the rio, I never liked the sweetness of costa vidas sauce
their sweet pork is the best though!!
Oh no, you're a pork person * tears start streaming * I've always had some sort of negative memory with it
no don't cry what do you like there then??
I guess i could manage with the desserts, or the quesadillas I had a burrito from costa once and practically avoided it
ok so what do you think makes cafe rio so much better??
I guess i can give another shot if you say it's the bomb Idk, the taste feels real. When i eat there it doesnt seem like they are trying to take away from the flavor of each item
ooh so you're a picky eater then huh
I can taste the chicken distinctly even when its covered sauce and costa seems to cover it up Woah woah woah I will try it again just for you
hmm it's been years since i've eaten at cafe rio so maybeee i could give it a chance
Now we're talking
wow i can't believe i convinced you considering you said you practically avoid it
I couldn't believe you would stand by it so strongly, i need to investigate further
hmm my evidence is probably lacking since it's been years
Are you trying to expose me Haha You will find plenty of the good evidence if you plan a revisit
hmm i might have to..
Definitely! I would sense the bad vibes in the universe if you hadn't and the tears might come back
it's probably just gonna confirm that costa visa is better though [?]
Now i think you are jumping to conclusions, you also may have to do a few trials to find that your hypothesis is completely incorrect
hm i don't think my bank account will allow for such expensive trials though.. i guess i'll never know
Groupon is a lifesaver for college, that is the secret You can also find so many discounts for students
thanks for the tip haha
Woohoo i just did my good turn for the day
so maybe your sunday got a little bit better haha
You could say that
so what are you studying at byu??
ACME
wow that sounds interesting
Well it's one letter away from acne so you have to be careful
so why'd you choose that major??
I understand math really well, and i feel like its what i should pursue
that's way cool:)
What are you going into?
i'm planning on biology, but honestly i have this feeling there's something else out there for me and i have no idea what it is yet
I've changed my mind so many times on my major but that's what college for
yeahhh i just wish i could have it figured out already though haha
Try to a bunch of different classes and sit in on a few you think are cool and see how feel How you feel* Dang it
yeah i think i'm mainly taking some classes that go towards a biology major but they also count towards my generals too
That's super smart, im spreading my self a little thin but I've loved it
how many credits did you take??
15
that's how many i'm taking too
Impressive, its agressive but i believe in your costa vida self
i originally had 17 mapped out and decided it was too much my minimum is 15 for my scholarship and it's what byu recommends sooo
I definitely second that recommendation
i came up with a prospective schedule months ago and after multiple drafts i think i finally have it mapped out ha ha so hopefully i can actually get the classes i want
I hope you do too, its fun to have a plan pull through but also if something changes it i try to be as open as i can for the spirit to help
yeah definitely! i just think that this schedule would work the best, but registration goes from 11th-15th and i have the 14th as my day so i guess we'll see
I hope so, you'll have to shout out if you see me in my saabi
there's so many people on campus though i might not even run into you
Well maybe we do and we'll be able to compare are food critique notes
hmm maybe...ok have you ever been to in n out?
You know it! Have you tried their 4x4
not yet haha the closest in n out is about 30-45 min away so i haven't been since i went in provo in october
No way, where i grew up it was 5 minutes away
i mean it was kinda close when i lived in san diego but i live in utah now sooo i moved here 6 years ago so i hardly get the chance to go
I dont think i appreciated it as much until i could rarely get it, haha its like that one song
yeah i agree.. what music do you like??
I really like the sound track from greatest showman currently
yessss that's what i have in my car right now!
I sing along little too much, but there isn't such thing for those songs is what i think
oh for sure haha i actually danced with one of those songs this year too
Do you dance? Or do you just get your groove on sometimes
no i'm a dancer haha but only for a few more weeks and then i'm done for good
Done for good? dancing is so awesome!!! What kind of dancing?
yeah i didn't want to try out for cougarettes or anything..jazz lyrical and hip hop haha
That's so cool, it takes some talent to dance!
haha thank you:)
So was dance your passion or just a really good outlet for fun
well i did it competitively and have been doing it for 5 years which is hardly anything by dance standards.. but i made it on the top team this year so that was cool, but i'm honestly kinda ready to move on though
Yeah that's understandable, that's super cool to be such a natural! I bet it'll carry over to college, who knows you might pick up rock climbing or something
haha thanks:) who knows maybe i'll do something like that
I'd recommend volleyball but in FHE you'll get plenty of chances to try some sports in a fun environment
yeah we're supposed to have a bbq for fhe tomorrow in the singles ward haha also i love volleyball!
It's such a good combination, having a chance to meet good people and feed the starving students
for sure haha some of the people at the ward invited me to go but i have dance practice and i'd much rather go to fhe
That's a tough choice
i only have just under 2 weeks left of dance and we're done with all our competitions we're just prepping for our end of year show
That's super cool though, I'm signing up for ballroom dance in fall... any pointers
yeah i don't really know anything about ballroom
It's not too intense but its really nice to have some experience in dance
yeah that's true:)
It's way better than being a wall flower so I'm gonna try it
would you consider your self more introverted or extroverted?
More extroverted, while some might say other wise
i feel that's the same for me. i guess it depends on the situation, but i love meeting new people and everything
It amazes me just how different everyone can be from one another
yeah that's a good point.. it's part of what makes us unique and distinct though which is a good thing
It's also crazy to think there isn't enough time in someone's life to spend just one second with each person
woah i never thought of that
Haha yeah i had to take a minute after i did the math, that's 60 people i may not meet
those would be very quick meetings though too
Yeah, you might miss someone if you blink
well dang
Profound
do you know what place you're in on this thing?
I dont know if i should give myself up What place are you in? Top ten?
maybeeee
You must be vg
maybeeee haha yeah i am
Exposed! Let's just say I'm in the top ten too
i'm going to guess your #6?
Nope
there's no way you're #1
You mean rank 0 or 1?
....rank 1
Maybeeee
NO WAY
I can neither confirm nor deny with out the secretaries approval Haha can you name the movie
OH MY GOSH HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE and yes i can haha
What movie? Gone silent? Ive got to go for the moment i hope we chat later

This is quite an interesting question, haha
Haha no kidding! I feel like no, I wouldn't call it murder. But I also probably wouldn't feel super great about turning it off.
Haha, yeah. Honestly, I have no idea how to answer this,
Ok well here's a new question, if you had to pick a color for the sky to be besides blue, what would you pick?:)
Oh that's a better one, haha. I would pick....the colors of a sunset! What about you
That would be so great! I'd probably pick gold. If you had to be an animal instead of a person what would you be?

Hey! What's up?
not much, you?
Same here. So what would your answer to the prompt be?
Probably about artificial intelligence and machine learning and how it affects the future of technology I actually gave a small ted talk about it in my writing class Who is your hero?
Woah, that's awesome. And my hero would have to be my grandma. She's amazing.
Oh that is so cute What makes her your hero?
She is kind of a spiritual giant in my opinion. I love hearing her talk about the gospel, and overall she really inspires me to be my best. She has always been a hard worker too.
Wow she sounds amazing
Yeah:) Who is your hero?
I would say my mission president He is aboslutely the most noble and amazing man I have met in my entire life
Wow, that's awesome. Where did you serve?
I served in nebraska
Nice, what was your favorite part about serving there?
I loved my mission president honestly I feel like it is hard to find a good role model in life because people can let you down a lot, but he never let me down He has such an amazing family and such an amazing life story and he is so dedicated to God.
He sounds like a great guy. I know what you mean, it hurts when people let you down. It's awesome that you found such a dependable person. It's good to have a rock like that
Yeah. I will be at his homecoming without doubt I still feel like his misunderstood my honest intentions sometimes but that isn't his fault He hardly got the chance to get to know me He had to look after like 200 men, a portion of which caused him a lot of grief and grey hair
Haha, well I bet you two will be able to become closer when he gets home. And if not then, it sounds like you guys would have a strong connection in the next life
yeah definitely He is a good guy I envy how well his life turned out
Do you think you could have a life like his someday?
yeah I think so A big part of it was his wife though She is so amazing
Haha nice, a power couple
yeah honestly my life is going the same direction his is I am certainly not married though haha
That's great! Even though your not married, it's awesome that your walking down that same path as your hero!
Yeah what about you? How do you want to be like your here? hero?
I want to be as close to the Lord as she is. She is so diligent about reading her scriptures, and being in tune with the spirit. She is also great at comforting and cousneling others. I love learning from her and getting her advice.
Yeah My grandparents are nice but they dont generally give me any advice
Do they live near you?
Kind of The live in southern utah
You could reach out to them sometime with a specific problem and see if they can help?? If that's what you're looking for
I donj't know I just want to hear something really inspirational that I had never thought of before one of my grand parents isn't really that spiritual when it comes to advice and the other kind of says stuff that is pretty straight forward that I am already doing like reading scriptures, praying, you know like the basic answers to life
Oh I see. Well, maybe you can teach them something:)
maybe] They are really glad that I went to byu and that I am doing something with my education I am excited too My dad and grandpa both graduated with degrees in finance
Cool! are you going to continue that tradition?
Probably not I will probably go into mathematics or science I might do finance but probably the closest thing will be my minor in business
Hey I think its cool to break tradition too
yeah I want to discover something and test my limits besides i think many of the finance positions will be automated withing the next 20 years so it might not be a good permanent profession
Ahh, then it's good that you're going into something else! What year are you in school right now?
my first I am doing acme and finishing my prereqs I will be done with them at the end of next year
Nice nice
what is your major?
Well I'm actually a senior in high school right now, but I'm planning on majoring in photography or early childhood education. I can't decide between the two
oh wow way cool So how did you hear about this then?
I've been getting emails from BYU since I got accepted, and this like was on one hah
Oh wow that is weird Why did they do that? I am a student at byu and I didnt get the email weird
Haha it's probably because I'm an incoming freshman
yeah that makes sense I wonder why they sent it to incoming freshmen but not to existing byu students? Any idea?
Haha Idk, they pitched it as a way to win a free macbook, but I'm guessing they were looking for guinea pigs
yeah probably the guy in first is crazy gtood
Yeah there's no way I could catch up lol He's def getting that macbook
yeah for sure I have given up on the macbook but maybe a set of headphones or somehting just need like 2 million I think
Hahaha yeah that would be nice
I hear they are doing more this next year so this may not be the end You could get another chance
Hahaha oh good! I'll have to be on my game
yeah for sure well you know about it now right?
haha yes, I'll be prepared
what is your favorite thing to eat in the summer?
Haha my favorite thing to eat in the summer would have to be popcorn because it makes me think of going to the drive in with my friends, watermelon because it's an iconic sum mer food, or cucumbers because they just make me think of the summer I don't know why hahaha
oh i love watermelon especially when it is perfectly ripe ohh it is so delicious
Yesss, are you the kind of person who likes salt on their watermelon?
oh no do you? I like sweet things, but salt is good on ice cream like salted caramel ice cream
I've never tried salted caramel ice cream, but I like dipping fries in my milkshakes haha
hahaha Have you tried ben and jerrys late night snack? It has potato chips in it and it is sooooo good
what the heck potato chips?
yeah but not just any potato chips Chocolate covered potato chips
bleh that sounds so weird hahah;)
you have to try it I think they stopped selling it but it was soooo good think chocolate covered pretzels it was like the same thing in fact it probably would have been more well accepted if it were pretzels
oooooh ok, yeah I like chocolate covered pretzels
yeah see that isnt that bad

Hello?
Hey whats up? Okay... Are any of these messages going through?

hey
hi
woo hoo
how's it going?
Haha pretty good. Still figuring out some job stuff. I'll be starting at Walmart soon and I'm waiting to hear back from a credit union
Okay, cool. What will you be doing at Walmart?
I wanted to do cashiering
Alright, sounds good
I've gotten pretty sick of just laying around for two weeks so I'll be ready to start something How's school going
Campus Floral was crazy on Saturday mother's day and prom School is really fast, but I'm hoping it will go well.
Ooh that's right for mother's day. It was prom too?? Fast paced?
I'm going to look at a couple of places tonight, as well as meet with someone in the bishopric for a calling, so we'll see what I get to do for the next 4 weeks Yup, last prom of the season. And yeah, we're just covering a lot of material right now. Technically we're in the 5th week of a normal semester
A couple of places to live? The one I was looking at I think was still a little much so i'm still looking
That's good that you want to be doing something. It's worse when you feel forced.
Yeah. I mean it was nice ya know for the first few days and such
Yeah, the ones I find keep falling through, not feeling right, or not being available for fall, so hopefully one of these tonight will be good Yeah. I want another weekend right about now
And I've put time into this chat research stuff but it'll be over after tomorrow
So what's going on with you and Brayden?
Well he got back from a cruise Sunday We talked on the phone for a half hour last night
Okay so you're still talking a lot?
I don't know about a lot, I mean we didn't talk for the past week because of the cruise. And he's working like 10 hour days
And are you good with that amount?
So we just talked a bit at like 10:30 last night
Or did you kind of want things to be over?
Ahh I've missed him a lot. I guess I've been getting a bit worried because like I don't think he messaged me as soon as he got home from the cruise
But didn't you want the relationship to end? Or was the pause just for the summer?
Nah pause was just for summer was kinda my thinking.
Okay Have you guys explicitly talked about what that meant? Or just kind of guessed? Maybe he thought you wanted more of an end to it? Also, two boys asked me out today on Mutual
Oooh girl. And what did you say? No, I've been wanting to ask him, now that it's been a couple weeks what he's thinking I've felt I don't know, more weird around other guys I guess So I don't think I'm really ready to even date other people But last night we just kinda talked about cruise and jobs. I think he's planning on coming to visit for a day in like two weeks though
Yeah, that makes sense. So, when you were telling me all about what Brayden wanted for his future, did you tell him what you envisioned for yours? So, one of the guys I don't want anything to go anywhere, but I might go out with him once or something
Yeah I mentioned like I don't want to do homeschool and things. You don't want it to go anywhere why? You haven't met him right?
And the other guy...is in my ward, and I had just met him at a ward activity when I saw him on Mutual. And then Clara said he was flirting with me at FHE last week,
Awh! You'll have to send me pictures:P
but I didn't get that vibe, anyway, then he matched with me and asked me out!
So you've actually met him Wow Haha I guess you need some practice feeling that vibe haha
And he's kind of shorter [not shorter than me] but he's nice, and I guess he's interested in me yeah, I know, right?
And...you could be interested back?
Maybe? We've had some good text conversations, but I just don't know I'm making the I don't know O
So he got your number in person or over the app?
I'm freaking out noises, but I can't convey them through typing
Haha
Well, just messaging I guess, but we should probably switch over to phones
Oh gotcha. So have the church activities been really good? Gotten to know many people yet?
They've been good. I'm still trying to get to know people, but it seems like most of the cute guys are nonexistent or in relationships, so..
Oh. That sucks
Also, about the other guy, he was one that I swiped up on, but didn't really like that much? and after messaging him a bit I still don't like him a ton
Ah okay. But you might as well give it one shot Tim doesn't talk to you anymore?
Yeah, I was thinking one date and then nothing more on that guy Tim hasn't messaged me in a while
Alright good plan And are you totally fine with that?
I finally had to block Alex though With Tim? Yup
Right Well cool cool. I guess it sounds like I won't be having a car next year
Oh dear. Why not?
I have to buy my own. My brother is taking the camry. But I kinda need to pay for college first before a car I think I guess I just won't go home as often. Though hopefully I'll be able to figure out a way to get some of my stuff back up there
That makes sense. Yeah, maybe your mom can bring some up?
Yeah I guess I might just need to have my parents drive up with me then I'm not sure exactly where all the UTA bus system is gonna be going. But I figure I can get by on the free busses Just can't get a bunch of groceries unless I have a friend with a car haha
Yeah, that is my exact problem at the moment
Oh yeah, so what are you doing?
So, his name is Nick Van Alfen if you want to look him up on Facebook I just responded to Nick and told him I was free on Friday after work Also, I really want to cut my hair
Ah and this is which one
The one in my ward
Awesome
And for groceries, if I'm desperate, I walk to Smith's. Otherwise, I'm hoping to see if my cousins can take me the next time they go Awesome to the name, or to the fact I want to cut my hair?
Ooh I can totally see it, he is cute! Haha awesome as to I can look up
yeah:) I kind of just want to get into a relationship for the experience, and he seems like a really nice guy, but we'll see what happens I'll text you how the date goes
You'll definitely have to keep me updated on that one!
For sure
Yeah. I mean that's what I thought. I was kinda just ready to for the experience I think. But then it turned out being a little more and now it's just complicated hah
That's what I'm worried about
And I'm not sure I should've jumped into it so soon'
Because on Mutual, he's put that he's very relationship ready, and I don't want to mess with his feelings if we do get into something
Like when I look back I'm like what was I thinking? I should've told him we should wait a bit longer. But I mean it has been really good Haha oh
Also, he speaks 4 languages
And of course I was excited about it because I really liked hi him Woah..that's some skill
Yeah, and it seemed so right for you guys at the time Well, he served in Sweden, and then got up through 321 spanish, and then there's very poor, high school level french And he's an astrophysics major
Yeah. Haha have you talked french at all then? I think I just needed to know I was capable of getting out of something if I needed to Maybe that sounds strange But I guess recently I think I've realized that I really don't want to lose him Maybe we will get to talk in two weeks when he visits Figure things out then
A little bit through messaging? It's not great No, that makes a lot of sense. I'm glad you've had the time to figure things out.
Yeah. I do have a lot of things I could still work on though So did you dance much with Erin's younger brother? He's quite good. I also met someone else who has shown me a lot of country swing moves named Sam. He's nice
Just the one night where we did the country square dancing thing He is really good. Sam? That sounds like fun Also, Nick is being really cute right now as he's texting me
Erin videoed me with her brother but when she videoed we didn't do any of the really cool things. Awh:) What's he saying?
It's kind of just what's going through his head as he's typing, and also, I think he's kinda nervous?
Haha why?
I just sent you a screen shot
Haha I see Yeah maybe seems like he's being careful
Yeah, based on what he said in the Mutual messaging, that's kind of the vibe I got?
Or I mean he could just really care for your input
I don't know, but I am going on a date, and it's going to be great
Make sure it's something you'd enjoy doing
I hope that's a good point. It seems like he's the type to care, but I don't feel like I know him well enough yet
I mean he's not like overconfident as some guys are So depends if that's your thing or not But also yeah you are just starting out talking to him Man I haven't even put on mascara for the day ha
It's okay But I probably have to go now so I can make it to my meeting with the bishopric member
Oh right okay. Good luck on the calling then
thanks Oh, did you get enough points?

Hello!
hello hows it going?
pretty good, you?
oh no the chat bubble isn't showing again... im going to reset

Invest it or something I'd set aside some for a downpayment I guess And a few other important thing s And then invest the rest
I'd buy this ai stuff and get rich qucik WAit but im already rich Cuz i just got a million dollars So I would buy more money with it Yeah Yep You
That is defenitely how money works You are doing a good job maxemizing the bubbles you use to chat with
THis is why I win at monopoly thank I try
Haha
I just want points
Haha,
Whatever it takes
o k I W i ll t l k i l k e t h i s
t h t a s i m r o i l e e k t i b u d y d e l t s
That's awful never mind
a r k c i p u t
Honestly I've found it way better, points wise and fun wise to just chat
NO I'm in it to win it
Like, once you get all preoccupied with the points it gets so wearying
go hard or go home
Me to And it's working
otherwise i am trying to find a wife through thi think i got a shot?
The real key is to make chatting enjoyable enough that you don't burn out soon Yes I do
Wow you accept I didn't even ask the quesition yet
Yes you did
you a girl or a guy?
Oh THAT question Haha I was still thinking about the chitchat competition I'm a guy sorry
If you're a girl we can prob stay in utah
But I'm sure you have a shot anyways Haha
If not we can go to Cali
Suddenly chitchat becomes an online dating site I'm sure that's what the research group was trying to do Let me clarify, I'm sure you have a shot with a girl anyways You do not have a shot with me, sorry I'm assuming you're a guy since you said "find a wife" earlier Oh no did you leave?
yeah you caught me
Did I offend you? Oh you're back ok
hahah no im the roomate, my boi is preoccupied
Finding a wife? I wish him luck
we gotta get him one...im doing fine right now.
Tell him good luck
yeah hes always trying to find one he says thanks
You're doing fine though?
of course im 6'8
So I guess I don't need to wish you luck
good genes
Haha for real?
yep
I'm 6'3" and I rarely find people taller than me
what are the prizes fr this thing? i want money im poor
They raffle out a macbook
and hungry i havent eaten in three days
You just have to have more than 300,000 points
oh
They have free food at a lot of club nights
i cant eat that its ok ill just mooch off a girl
And there's 4 different periods of the competition. At the end of each they give an iPad to 1st place and reset all the scores So if you don't make it one time you have 3 more shots at it
whats an iPad? What place are you? Are you close?
Plus 1st place is disqualified from winning after their first win I'm up there
I just chatted with roommate of second place
There's some really chatty people though Hey me to, yesterday actually haha Man I don't know it takes a lot of chatting to get up there Like, you'd have to be chatting during class and late into the night
So is it raffle once your above 300,000?
Yeah that's what I understoon understood You can check the faq to be sure
So does it even matter if you have the most points then?
Well, if you want an iPad But I don't think it matters for the macbook As long as you're above 300,000 You can check the rules to make sure that's how it works but that's how I understood it It's nice that way
Can check it without it ending
I don't think so I'm not sure It's nice knowing that you don't have to sacrifice your life for the next two weeks and you could still get something out of chitchat
Yeah hopefully
maybe, I mean it's a raffle so you don't know I wonder how many people are over 300,000
We we are off to the temple It is less than 10 when I last checked
Like, there can't be THAT many people Oh really? That's not too bad of odds
Less than 30 over 100,000 Anyways I'm out later
Ok, anyways, you gotta go? LAter!
Yeah

Hello how are you?
Hey!
Hey! My super power is probably math.
That's really cool. Are you good at it?
Yeah. Whats yours?
Hmmmm, probably listening to lots of music.
Hahaha. Thats not a bad super power. What is your favorite restaurant to eat at?
I would say Chick-fil-A. I love sushi too
Oh chick fil a is the best. I love their spicy chicken deluxe sandwhich. I love olive garden. They have the best breadsticks, especially when paired with good old alfredo sauce.
That sounds amazing! If I'm feeling cheap, I go for Taco Bell or Subway's Sub of the Day.
Yeah. Have you ever tried the cinnamon delights they sell?
Nope: [Do they have that at the Cougareat?

Hello! Are you here?
Yeah Are you? Hello?

Would you look at that. Someone else is not only awake, but using their awakeness to go on chitchat I must compliment you on your use of time I just finished an online quiz so I feel justified in coming here Are you there? HELLO hello hello is there anybody IN there?
hello
Oh HI! Good to see you
I just barely opened the chat idk how you were chatting with me before XD
Haha that's weird I was about to quit it Sorry for all the chats
No it is all good! It is funny haha Well, congrats on finishing your quiz
Haha thank you What brings you here at this fine hour?
I'm using this to procrastinate my math, so I get you
Hahaha nice I don't blame you
Procrastination
Which class?
A fine event really 112
I'm not sure what that is exactly But good luck with it
It is just Calculus 1, simple Calculus
Oh fun. Is it online homework or textbook homework?
It is mostly review for me
Meaning is it due at midnight tonight or in class tomorrow?
It is online, except we have an online course and an online textbook so really it is both In class tomorrow If it was due at midnight I would be freaking out haha
Hahaha same
How has your day been? Do you also have more homework to do?
Pretty good I guess Nah I just finished it for tonight
hey thats the best feeling ever
I did my math earlier today but I had American Heritage left Yeah it is
Is that class hard
Except I way skimmed my American Heritage reading and did just ok on the quiz
I'm taking it next semester
I don't know yet
C's get Degrees know what I mean?
I'm not great at history classes Haha I like it
I am the same way!
The lectures are interesting and stuff
Hey it is 11:11 make a wishhh
Wow Um I wish for a motercycle That's what I always wished for as a kid When I blew out a dandilion or something
I wish that I will get my math done tonight and get good rest YES that was the best I miss those days
Haha I hope your wish comes true
I don't remember what I used to wish for probably for mermaid barbies or something XD
If my sister was there we'd both wish for a motorcycle but with two seats so we could ride it wherever we wanted Hahaha nice
cute!!! That sounds awesome
We never got it though So so much for that
Hey, time isn't over yet! It could still happen!!
Good point I won't give up Anyways
age doesn't matter
It's kinda late and I feel responsible to help fulfill your wish
I WONT GIVE UP. ON. US. EVEN IF THE SKYS. GET. ROUGH. aw man
Haha well thanks It's been fun talking [and wishing] though
well thank you, I will do my best to get it done It has been!
Good luck!
Have a good night:)

how about noe now* are you with me?
hello!
heyyyy! finally
lol
first chat room not empty after 5 in a row
haha I think it will pick up after more people find out about this whats your major?
wait were you one of the advertisers that came to swenson's class? I'm going for a BA in World Domination
No, my friend is working on the project haha so ACME?
nah switching from cs to is
ah sorry, thats not world domination then haha just kidding, why the switch?
the letter I is just prettier than the letter C
Okay good point what class are you taking from Swenson? I had him for calc 3
marketing
oh different Swenson haha so why the name fancylee?

Hi!
Hey
How're you?
I am good How are you?
I'm doing well. What brings you to chat today?
Curiosity
What is it that you're curious about?
This chatting system

I'm most passionate about two different causes: solving poverty problems and improving the educational system.
I am most passionate about helping others with self esteem. I really like the Dove foundation for this purpose. Those are good things to be passionate about.
Which do you want to talk about first?
What do you want to do with them? Oh... both. I mean, either one is fine.
Let's talk about your passions first! Tell me more about the Dove Foundation.
Are you familiar with dove body wash?
I've seen Dove hand soap before, but that's the extend of my familiarity with the company.
The company has several projects that promote natural beauty above cosmetic changes. It also fights against eating disorders and other unhealthy means to achieve beauty.
How does it do that? Promotional videos, conferences, donations to charities?
All of the above. They also do research.
Give me a more in-depth description of their activities, please. I'm really curious to know more about this!
They do promotional videos where they prove that people in magazine covers are super photoshopped. They also do research to understand different cultures and their perspective On body image. They create new campaigns each year that analyze different ways of being beautiful. Their goal is to help people recognize that everyone is beautiful, not just The people Hollywood claims to be.
Does that make it difficult for them to sell their products? Isn't their company based on selling products to help people feel like Hollywood people?
No. Most people want to love themselves for who they are. Their products are also natural, meaning dermatologists highly recommend them because they are healthy for the skin.
That's really neat. Would you ever like to work for the Dove Foundation? Or do you want to start your own movement that accomplishes something similar?
I'm not sure. I'd like to work for them, but if I can't, then I'd like to start my own.
Awesome! That's a neat passion. When I was in high school my self-esteem was really low. Life would have been a lot happier if someone had helped me see that I was great just the way I was.
Most people feel that way. Why are you passionate about overcoming poverty and improving education?
Well, in high school my family lived for a few months in India. I witnessed first and a lot of the struggles poor people deal with. I would love to help them overcome those struggles. It was sad to see people who spent all of their time focusing on their next paycheck, because it was so hard to support a family. I want to help people find employment that doesn't consume all of their time and hope.
That is awesome. I feel that would solve so many problems in the world!

Hello!
Hello!
My best friend doesn't know that I secretly dated his first crush for a few months, haha!...Now that I say that I guess I'm kind of a crappy friend
Nah, it's cool. Was she cute?
Very! It didn't work out though
He would probably forgive you.
Should I tell him? Haha He's married now so it should be fine, right?
Did you start to date her after you found out that he liked her?
Definitely afterward. He was the one that introduced us.
Savage.
I know right?
If he's married, I feel like he would just laugh.
Yeah. Unless he married her. Just kidding
Oh, good. I almost said "daaaaang" out loud in the library
Hahaha So what about you? What thing does your best friend not know?
I don't have anything dramatic like that
That's fine. What's the lamest thing your best friend doesn't know about you? Hah
They have absolutely no idea what I ate for lunch today
I'm shocked, shocked I say How could you not tell them?
I probably could have, and then ate lunch with them So it probably makes me a terrible friend too.
But you didn't, and now you're a horrible friend Haha yes
I guess I'll have to change my name and move to a foreign country again
You got an ID guy? I can be your ID guy
I had one, but I had to change my name because I forgot to invite him to lunch with me, so yeah, you can be my new ID guy
As long as you promise to always invite me to lunch
I promise. But I've broken this promise at least twice to other people before
Excellent. Now, I need you to dye your hair purple The pictures won't match otherwise
Ah Yes Okay You got a hair-dye guy? Because I need one
I do, but he's a bit tied up right now There's always the Kool-Aid guy
Yeah, but he scares me. And always breaks my walls
Yeah he isn't the most discreet one...which can be a problem in this line of work
Also I don't want my hair to smell like grape Kool-Aid until I betray another friend I might actually give me an incentive to betray them
That's a good point. We'll have to go with some nasty lemon flavor
I don't see how that would help
Neither do I But lemon is nasty
I've never tried lemon Kool-Aid But I'll trust you on this
I'm honestly not sure it even exists, haha But lemon flavor Starbursts exist, and that's a crime against humanity
Well I guess I'm going to lunch alone tomorrow.
Whaaaaatttt? Don't tell me you like those
Okay I won't tell you But I've already implied
You've gotta be honest with your ID guy That's in the criminal rulebook somewhere
Maybe I'll just go hermit in the mountains I don't need an ID out there.
Don't get to eat steak out there either Well I suppose that's not true How's your aim?
I do miss out on lemon starburst though. I'll have to stock up before leaving
If you go to the mountains and take all of the lemon starbusts with you, then I'm absolutely in favor of this plan
All in FLAVOR
Wow. Just wow. With jokes like that I'm surprised you haven't had to flee to the mountains already Or yesterday, even
Maybe I have If you set up near an antenna you can get reasonably good signal
Must be a pretty intense directional one. Where do you get your power from?
An exercise bike And grit sweat and tears And a portable generator
I'm just glad you didn't say "from the bursting of stars"
Well, lemon starburst do make pretty good batteries if you chain a bunch of them up in salt water It's too bad I've eaten so many
When you say a bunch....how much we talking about?
You get about 7 volts every 100 starburst
Wow
But I need the energy from the starburst to use the bike So I'm running low on batteries
Why not just get a frictionless bike?
I don't think that would generate much energy Also I'm already a hermit
Wouldn't drain any, either
I can't go back
Or you can just do the tried and true thing: plug a power strip into itself I can't believe people haven't caught onto that yet
I brought one with me, but it turns out the energy just stays in the powerstrip, and escapes in a great big arc when you try to plug it into anything else
That sounds dangerous
So I just hit squirrels with it like a flail
That's the reasonable thing to do, I would expect nothing less
They don't have the energy density of lemon starburst, but are surprisingly tasty
Do you eat their nuts too?
Especially in a lemon starburst braise When I can. Usually I catch them on the ground, and can't waste the energy to climb the trees where they hide them.
Alternatively I suppose you could capture them and have them chase their own nuts as they ride your stationary bike
It's not really designed with squirrels in mind
But at that point you've surpassed modern civilization and we become the hermits
That's the goal of every hermit Throw down society
Yeah, I hear Obiwan was all about that
By mastering squirrel-bending Of course Obiwan was about that
The sand people feared him
He trained an assassin to kill the emperor of the galactic empire Throwing the galaxy into chaos
My goodness.
He even threw over the tyrannical reign of death
He did say he'd become more powerful than Darth could imagine
Exactly
And then just 4 hours of scenes later, all his enemies lay dead
Truly a hero for all hermits in any galaxy
He hermited so hard, he disappeared entirely I suppose the "Force" thing he spoke of was the ability to channel the starburst arc
Yeah, there's a lot of theory behind it, but I guess in city-man's terms you could say that. We hermits are approaching a unification of the forces of the universe, and I believe lemon starburst are the key I just realized "we hermits" is kind of contradictory
I just assumed you were speaking in dimensions higher than the city folk can perceive projections of such complex matters into my limited vocabularly are bound to have some things missed in translation But on that note, are there any large gatherings of hermits on an annual basis? I suppose that's what Comi-Con is
Yeah, we collectively stay completely seperated from all others together almost every day of the year Sometimes our resolution breaks and we meet up
Well I suppose the obvious follow-up question is, how many hermits are there?
One, if you ask any one of us But you could probably count how many different hermits told you that
Hive mind?
No, just a combination of extreme social anxiety and pride
If I count the ones who say there are more than one will I still get a correct result?
Those aren't real hermits Just people lost in the woods They usually try to pretend to be hermits to mask the embarassment
But just to make sure, I'm still your ID guy right?
I guess. I've surpassed your silly ideas of "personal identity" but it might be useful
I feel like your authenticity as a hermit might be faltering with your association with me
It's not like anybody decides the rules about hermits. According to me, I am the only hermit in existence, and so what ever I do I can claim is perfectly normal behavior for a hermit
But you also reject the idea of a personal identity
Like a true hermit
Maybe you're actually a collectivist in denial
It's possible, but I don't believe in introspection, so I'll never know
what about interspection?
Only with squirrels and lemon starburst
So on that note, are you excited for the Incredibles 2? Or just super nervous. Or Both.
I just feel like they can't mess it up that bad, but it also might be amazing So both?
Did you see the recent trailer?
I don't think so
It's pretty good, got some hints to the plot but at the same time it's packed full of jokes that are just deja vu from the first
Hmm
So that makes me a bit worried But I heard that the writer was asked to make a sequel years and years ago, and that he didn't because he didn't have a story and I guess the Pixar execs pressured him again and again, and he finally told them that he'd let them know when he actually had one
Interesting
and a few years ago he came to them and said he figured one out so that at least instills some confidence that it's not some stupid money grab or something born out of unoriginality
Yeah, it's hopefull
What's your favorite animated movie
Wall-E is one of my favorite And if Kubo counts, then Kubo
I haven't seen that one yet
Which one?
Kubo Kubo and the Two Strings right? Something like that?
Yeah
What's it about?
It's a stop-motion animation about a kid that makes paper dance with his music, and I don't know how much I can say without ruining it
Yeah, no spoilers then
But it is really good
I've heard good things
I cried
Wow
And that's saying something for a hermit What's your favorite animated movie?
That's saying a lot coming from a prideful hermit bent on the overthrow of civilization That's hard Tangled I think is the perfect animated movie But I like Megamind
Tangled is a surprising choice, but I can't disagree
The humor of Megamind is awesome, but the wall-to-wall quality of Tangled can't be ignored It's not even really my type of movie, but it's just so well-executed on every front casting, art-style, story, music, overall polish everyone did their job on that movie It perfectly hit what they were aiming for
Yeah, totally.
I haven't been a fan of most of Pixar's latest films but I really like their classics like Finding Nemo, The Incredibles, Toy Story
Even though Frozen has gotten quite a bit more attention since, I think Tangled stands a better movie. Oh, yeah definitely.
100% agree. Every time I watch Frozen I like it less the story seemed rush and nonsensical in areas I think they were just hurried for a Christmas release
They did a lot of good things, and I like a lot of the music, but it just doesn't have the same polish as Tangled I might be biased, because I had the weirdest crush on Rapunzel after seeing Tangled.
Hahahaha Well, looks aside, she's a pretty cool person
Yeah, definitely
if we think about that type of situation in real life, no WAY would we ever expect a person held up in a tower by a constantly-abusive "mom" to be that upbeat
That's a good point
She even got stuff done in that tower reading, painting, playing, etc. You've gotta have a pretty strong ambition and positivity to not be completely crushed by that upbringing And she was super caring I mean yeah it's all fake Disney but you gotta hand it to her haha
You mean Disney is fake? Dang it, I was watching those to get information on the city-folk
Why would you bother with the lessers?
As much as I despise your culture, I have to understand my enemy to be able to destroy him. A la ender Hey, thanks for chatting, but I've got to go now
Haha okay Take care
You too man
In the mountains and for the love of all that is holy, please stop eating lemon starbursts
Never

I think that true love can only be replicated by two humans beings. Computers only have artificial intelligence, if that
Good morning! And I agree. I don't think they can
Morning! To continue that question, what would you say love is?
Gah, I hate this question. Well, I would say it starts with a point of affection and attraction. It gradually evolves and develops It becomes a bond that is strong and durable
Haha sorry I actually have a hard time answering that question as well I like what you said about a strong and durable bond though. That's a nice way to think about it
It's really hard to explain feelings
I agree! Have you ever tried to think about how you would explain a color to a blind person?
Yeah! Like it seems impossible. If you think about it, they don't even know what black looks like even though that's what we envision them seeing

If the world was made of peanut butter, it would have to be heaven! I love peanut butter!!
Me too! I think it would be hard to move
I eat it by the spoonful, I eat it with carrots, I eat it with bananas and chocolate, it's the best! It is quite viscous and would make everything difficult.
It is pretty awesome- I know in some parts of the world they don't eat peanut butter. I wonder what they would think
Building would be very different and any kind of travel. Hmm, yeah! That would be super weird for them. But think about the poor souls who are allergic to peanuts!
That would be awful! I wonder how you can build a building with peanut butter?
I imagine it would be more like a hut... But peanut butter gets way runny when it warms up, so that would be problematic
I wonder if you can spread it into thin sheets and dry it out
We'd all have to have peanut butter igloos in cold places, like Canada It would be worth trying! I think we'd also get bored pretty fast because part of what makes the world great is the diversity!
very true i wonder how gravity would be affected by an earth made entirely of peanut butter?
Interesting thought. It certainly has a different density and therefore would have a different mass with the same volume, which would affect gravity
I just looked it up- the earth would be less dense It would be five times less dense
Oh the things you can find on google!
I think that means that gravity would be five times less! I wonder what would happen when it all expired?
Yeah, I don't think I've ever had expired peanut butter. Does that affect the properties it has? Does it get dried out and stale moldy?
I don't know- I'm looking it up now Yes it looks like it gets dry That's good for buildings I guess
Not necessarily. I think it would be pretty brittle
Most buildings are built out of brittle things Concrete and glass for example Brittle materials are good in compression but generally not in tension. I think you could build buildings out of peanut butter but probably not very high because of the foundation I wonder if the water turned into peanut butter too?
True. I guess I just think about the steel reinforcements when I think about buildings and they have a very different stress-strain curve
Are you an engineer?
If it did, we wouldn't survive very long! Yeah, mechanical
Me too!
Cool! I figured civil or mechanical when you knew concrete was better in compression than tension
Have you ever read the book What if? Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions?
Nope, never heard of it. Sounds like a fun book though!
It is written by a retired NASA scientist who started a web comic It's called xkcd.com Have you heard of that comic?
Oh, I know xkcd! One of my favorite procrastination tools!
So he wrote a book and it is awesome That's awesome! Funny enough, I was just reading that before we started this conversation. There was one on, "What would happen if the Earth's rotation were sped up until a day only lasted one second?"
Haha, yeah this might be a new procrastination tool! Man, that sounds like my kind of book!
What field in mechanical engineering do you want to get into?
Robotics What about you?
I'm not entirely sure yet Unfortunately I have to get back to studying
There are a lot of options! Yeah, I've got to go to class, but it was a fun chat!
Yep! Goodbye!

I want an iPad.
I don't actually know a whole lot about car maintanance.

Iron Man... Change my mind hello hello?
hello
YESS!!! What's happenin'mLee? how'd you hear about this?
I'm doing homework
Tight! I flippen'love HW!
I heard about it from a friend
That's why I do CS
Nice
You've got good friends man we've all been trying to keep this on the DL Welcome to the inner sanctum of social life here at BYU
Sure do. More people signing up means it's less likely for me to get prizes...
I know right?
So what are you up to?
Do you know where they keep the prizes?
I do not
We could just break into their store room:| I'm in class... plotting how to get the prizes... lol
No one would know...because they definently don't record these convos
it's the perfect crime!
So Iron Man then That's wach *wack
Nah... Jurassic Park has the best AI those philosoraptors are clever girls what hw are you working on?
They are also very philosophical
Hahahahhaha nothing gets past you mLEE
I'm writing a paper It's true
Li right? Ni Hui Zhong Wen Ma? Just checking if you speak Chinese err... read
Wait what Oh haha no I don't
lololol
I was concerned for a second
Do you have Asian Ancestry?
No I don't
!YOU ARE BEING HACKED BY CHINESE GOVERNMENT!
I am part Italian
No way! where does your name come from? ope, beat me to it your italian eh? All I know is, "religioso Fervor"
just a bit
guess what it means
mlee is not my real name
:| oops
That would be insane
yeah... Brian isn't my real name either:|
Wild
amen brotha last question: what's your paper on?
It is about how advertisements influence women and over sexualize them
oh my goodness which side are you taking?
The side that argues how advertisements influence women and over sexualize them
hmm... I feel conflicted deciding whether or not to act as the devil's advocate
what
Do I argue that advertisements don't influence women and also under sexualize them?
so you're saying that you don't think that the media oversexualizes women you ever seen a movie BRIAN?
hahaha hold one second i've got to send you something I read today lol
Looking forward to it
you gotta read this: Outrageous New TV Dating Shows Cut Straight to Chase I can't past URL's into this, but you should google search that title I was blown away
why what is it about
Found it on Drudge report The article mentions a new show where people have sex first, AND then decide whether or not to have a relationship... it is absolutely insane!
uhhh no
You might be able to mention it, IDK. I just couldn't believe it. Why only women though? Don't you think they over sexualize men too?
this is getting weird brin
?
sometimes but standards are higher for women. men are depicted in the media as violent and women are shown just accepting it. that has a very bad influence on actual women
That's too bad you're uncomfortable. Good luck with writing your paper! Check out the muscle size difference between male actors over the past 30 years The media is building a perception of how men and women think they should look all from a young age
yes thats fair but women do have to fit into a tighter mold
Advertisements feed on this, and then it creates a synergy that propagates into our media How about guys though?
NOT EVERYTHING IS ABOUT MEN BRAN
While physical traits may be "tighter" for women, there are personality traits that are difficult for guys
how so
Haha I'm not saying everything is about men, but you are neglecting half of the argument
so you are saying that the writing prompt for my paper should be arguing for men too
The scope of your paper might be too small covering both sexes will give you access to more material and argument
even though it is a womens studies class so you think that women are so inferior there isn't enough to talk about
I would find that irrevelent tackling the overall problem and then choosing to dive deep into the challenges facing women would be a solid paper Do you honestly think I believe that from reading these messages? lol That's a serious accusation
you said you don't think I'll have enough to write about if I don't write about men I'll let you know I have lots of material

hullo
Hey
how are you
good and how are you?
good how are you
good how are you
im alright thanks and you?
honestly bad I miss joe
fair fair
yes it is
you guys were meant to be
we got along great
facts
he was going to invite me to his december wedding
I saw you gettin all nervous
he was going to marry accounting anyways I was not nervous I was just embarrassed
yes you were
no I wasnt why would I be nervous
cuz he was a hottie
he was not a hottie otherwise I would've asked for his number
you were too nervous
I didn't know what he looked like so thats why I was nervous bc I didn't want to meet him
k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k
hello?

That's why we have the swine flu
My mind went first to imagining something like giant bats. But pigs instead People would lose their minds if one of those came flying in their house
oh yeah. I bet we would see them hit our windows a lot. Kind of like how birds do it sometimes, but more often.
True. I also guess we would not have the saying "only when pigs fly"
We would move to other things heavier like "only when elephants fly"
Yeah probably!
did you know elephants are the only [I'm pretty sure] animals that can't jump?
Yes I actually do think I remember learning that somewhere! I also just googled it and it is true
Good old google. They have all the answers
I don't know how students got through college without it to be honest
seriously though. Or even just live life. Sometimes my mom will call me and ask me how to do things, and I just google them I think she thinks that I know all the answers
That's awesome. But so true though. If I don't know how to make something or understand a concept I just google it or watch a youtube video on it

Definitely
I do not think computers will ever vote. There is more to a candidate than what can be analyzed on paper in my opinion
In fact, in some countries they already do.
I just think that'd be weird if they voted, it would effectively end our democracy of the people haha Really? Which ones? I have not heard of that

Hey there! How's it going, this fine rainy evening.
Hello Are you at the meeting haha
I am. Are you? It's quite a thrilling place. Loads of conversation..
No. I'm not in town currently How is the turn out I got a sarcastic tone there
There's about five people left. I got here at 6:25, and there were about 15 to 20 people. It was worth a shot
Oh that sounds pretty good And they have food? Guess a ton of people left huh
Yeah a bunch of people left. It's all good though. It was interesting.
Cool. How long you plan on staying?
I'm not sure. Probably only a few more minutes.
Haha well I guess I'm stopping for dinner
I thought you were out of town?
Yeah just on the road back there
Oh. Duhh. I took that to mean that you were going to stop by campus for some free pizza because not so many people were here. Haha
Oh. Haha. Well I'll have to talk later

Math
Hahah that's a good one
What about you?
Probably a few things in CS hahah How are you doing? Are you there? Hello?!
Sorry. Wish it would send me notifications. Um. I'm good. How are you? You're in CS? What do you code?
I'm doing great. I am in CS, I just finished my sophomore year.
Cool What languages do you know?
So I code in C++, and some webdesign
Oh C++ is a good language.
I know some python as well.
I really like web design. Do you do a lot of it? I know some python too and C++.
Cool What is your major?
I want to go into IS I've got to go now. It's been nice to meet you.
Okay, have a good day!

Helllo!!!
Hello! I think this program is buggy
So we meet again. haha Just a bit
Yeah, it suddenly stopped showing anything I wrote and you were a constant "..."
Weird Well my question was what is the craziest dream you have ever had
Huh. I don't have a lot of dreams, or at least a lot of dreams I remember. Most of the dreams I remember recently have to do with being late to something school-related or getting yelled at for doing an assignment badly or something. Super interesting stuff. I definitely have finals on the brain
Yeah me too.
I remember having a dream as a kid that had to do with an astronaut and a witch in the kitchen. Apparently as I get older the remembered dreams are less interesting
I had one about doing bad on my final presentation in my writing 150 class I had a dream about a house of cards
My mom had a cool dream recently. I just got my mission call but it took a long time to show up and my Mom had a dream that I got called to the "Hong Kong Taiwan" mission Writing 150, ouch. I hated that class I did not have a good teacher
It is hard to explain but basically I was building a house of cards and I heard evil laughter and my cards all tumbled to the floor. I felt the worst feeling I have ever felt I felt like a complete failure What the heck, hong kong isnt in taiwan
My mom's dream was especially funny because she posted about it on Facebook with something about how it was funny because Taiwan Hong Kong makes no sense. And then all these people commented going "the Lord's ways don't have to make sense!" He knows best!
My writing 150 teacher is chill, we are probably going to eat donuts and write reflections for our final Lol
If she is supposed to get called there she will, makes sense or not! So they were like low-key questioning her faith which was super funny since, as you said, Taiwan Hong Kong impossible Donuts are always fun. Are you a freshman then?
Yeah
me too!
I got back from my mission recently and I live on campus for now. I am going to move to liberty for spring though.
Oh cool. I also live on campus and have been trying to figure out where I want to live for springsummer
It is crazy how many people are returned or are going on missions
Yeah That's BYU for you
Yeah. Its good though. It is generally really easy to make friends But I feel like friendships dont last long for me because byu is such a big school.
For sure. It's cool that there are so many good ways to connect to people
We tend to separate before too long
makes sense I wonder if people have longer or shorter friendships now that we have social media
If you could be any one kitchen appliance for the rest of your mortal life what would you be and why?
That would kill me. I love cooking and could not deal. Do ovens and stoves count as kitchen appliances? What about fridges?
Yeah
Nooooooooo
I cant really cook
I am gonna have to go with the fridge Hopefully I am allowed to make fires to cook
But I am gonna take a class to learn how to do it someday I just cant stand raw meat
I don't eat meat anymore so I don't have to deal with that
I dont get how you are supposed to keep your work place bacteria free Oh? Are you vegetarian?
I'm actually a vegan
Oh wow that is even more on the extreme side I hear it is difficult How are you going to be in brazil?
Yeah, I thought that until I kept researching it. When I decided to be vegetarian once I moved out for college I said at one point "I would never go vegan because it makes no sense!" just goes to show how your viewpoint can change
Yeah for sure
How do you know that's where I'm going?
Is it where you are going?
I'm going to guess you looked it up on Facebook [unless you know me in real life]
Yep But I didnt know if it was you lol
yep
What are your plans though? I think i recall doing a project on brazil and they eat lots of beans I think, but I think they do anlot of meat too. I mean tucanos the brazilian grill seems to come to my mind when I think of brazillian foo Food so I guess it isnt fair. They pretty much only serve meat
Those are both true facts. I decided to be vegan because of scriptures in the Word of Wisdom and elsewhere. After I studied it a lot I came to the conclusion that God prefers we don't eat meat unless it's necessary So I am going to be vegetarian if possible by talking to the Relief Society President about it since there are a lot of member meals in Brazil
Hmmm interesting. There was a big controversy over that in one of my mission areas
But if my Mission President asks me not to I won't I think God wants me to go on a mission too, so I think that is the most important
Well thats a good attitude about it Yeah. Definitely. Have you heard about the Facebook data privacy scandal?
Yep
Its been all over the news. I keep up with a lot of news topics. Elon musk is one of them lol
I like following the news, but I follow politics and current event stuff a bit more than tech
Hmmm. Makes sense. I folow tech more but I also follow major political movements or other big changes Trump is all over the headlines every day
Which way do you lean, politically?
Its hard to say There are a lot of political topics, but if I could lean more toward one probably right
How do you feel about Trump?
I think he is shaking people up and we could use a little mixing up but I also think he can be radical His approaches can be extreme at times, but it would seem as though a lot of it has worked out the way he planned. He sticks to his campaign promises thats for sure and ironically enough he might have trouble getting re-elected because of it
I am not a big Trump fan
I dont think we are supposed to talk about politics or too much religion. Kind of touchy subjects and bad for a bot. Did you hear about this in a CS class or did someone tell you about it?
Well as far as I can tell, the rules just ban things that go farther than friendly disagreements, whatever the subject. but I'm happy to change topics if you want to. I read the article on BYU's website about it
Oh ok They advertised it in our programming class
It sounds like a cool idea. Having chatted with a couple of people now, though, I wonder how well it will work. I think the fact that people send messages out of order when texting might mess them up Because you end up referring back to what someone said earlier and then you can't really figure out what a normal live conversation would sound like. But I don't know much about the program, so maybe not
Yeah. My impression is that they can pick and choose
Yeah I guess they're having real people do some of that? It sounds like it will be a lot of work!
I also know a bit about the machine learning algorithms they use to teach the ai Yeah. There is a 1000000 prize to be awarded to the winning team So they want to win. It goes to the school not them
I saw that! It is so cool that BYU got picked
Yeah it is Have you ever saved someones life before?
No Why, have you?
Yeah. My sister was left in the car when she was a kid and I am from Vegas so it was really hot. She couldnt get out but I was too young to let her go, so I managed to get my mom to come free her She could have died from heat exhaustion. I Imagine it was traumatizing It explains a lot.... Jk lol she is awesome I am glad she is in my life
haha. That is a great story, all the stories about children dying from heat exhaustion are so sad
Yeah
mistakes happen to everyone but it would be hard to deal with that if you left your kid in the car and then they died
Yeah Do you eat cereal?
Lol, yes. oops that was text speak Sorry to the student employees having to read this. But in my defense, I know people who say it out loud What's your favorite cereal?
I say it iut loud lol Say it Hmmm I really like honey bunches of oats But If I could choose a really unhealthy one probably maltoameals cookies and cream What about you?
Cracklin'oat bran is good. Also frosted mini wheats, and I don't say no to a good bowl of cheerios with bananas.
Yeah bananas are really good in cereal I kind of miss having them in mine. Next semester I will do my own shopping and have more control over what I eat. Frosted min wheats are actually another personal favorite
I remember being five and wishing my mom would buy cinnamon toast crunch so I could have it every single breakfast
Hahaha that is good stuff, you can't be blamed
Yeah, I really like cooking for myself. I could get a meal plan but I just wouldn't enjoy it as much
Yeah, I am looking forward to ditching the meal plan Being on campus and having a meal plan is nice but it was only so I coukd transition. Could
It is also funny realizing you no longer have to care about other family member's likesdislikes. My mom doesn't like avocados and my dad doesn't like grapefruit so we just ended up not eating them much. But I am a huge avocado fan so now I eat them much more
Oh no! Avocadoes are amazing!
That makes sense, moving away from home is a big adjustment for sure
Well... thats not what I meant I actually came home and my parents had moved So it is more of just not knowing my way around provo Provo is as much my home as my parents house now, but I do wnjoy hanging out with my oarents and my siblings. We get along really well.
That's nice
I wrote them all a letter every 6 weeks of my mission. It helped me develop really strong relationships with every one of my siblings and now we get along really well.
You didn't write them the other five weeks? Oh, or do you mean you wrote your siblings individually? I was like, "wow, my mom would kill me if I only wrote her once every month and a half"
Hahaha No I wrote them all individually 12 letters So 2 written a week, and one blast, plus I responded to individual typed mail. What is your favorite restaurant?
Provo: Bombay House
Whats that
It is an Indian restaurant
Hmmm. I like olive garden They have good breadsticks and alfredo. I dont think i have ever been to an Indian restaurant
Italian food is also good. Olive garden has good breadsticks but it's not my favorite jinx You are missing out! Curry is soooo good Also I have always loved bread in many forms and the garlic naan [it's a kind of flattish bread you eat curry with] there is really good
Hmmm. I have tried indian dishes at the canon Interesting. I enjoy it but I have never been to a real indian place
The Cannon is a lot better than it could be but not that good
Yeah.
especially for things like curry it's super easy to make yourself though once you get the spices
Bread is really good. What is your favorite type of bread?
Hard question. Probably a fresh-baked sourdough loaf
Ohhhh sourdough is great I used to toast it with butter and eat it as a snack after school every day.
I have been crazy about sourdough bread all my life. It is amazing
Then I would take a 3 hour nap. I miss it Not the nap. I just napped because I was stressed
Wow, your parents must have loved you! I have never been into naps
I didn't do well in my writing classes in highschool. And it was overwhelming. I tried to do ap english and that was a BAD idea I will barely get an A in writing this semester It has stressed me out the whole semester long
Writing is my best subject and I did not get an A in my writing class last semester because of the teacher and the class structure. I can totally relate to the stressfulness
Yeah. That sucks.
I am pretty good at writing, at least compared to other things, but really bad at coming up with ideas for papers
I dont like writing for that exact reason. It is so subjective
So my main problem is getting an idea and then just sitting down and writing it.
I am a lot better at writing since my mission
haha, that is exactly the sort of thing an ACME major would say I think writing is great for exactly that reason. With math homework you have to struggle through learning it and remembering it and then doing it right with zero mistakes. Writing is more forgiving
It is though. I will likely manage an A but why didnt you?i can guarantee you are a better writer.
I really did not get along with that teacher. So I got an A- but that is worse than any other English class I've taken so it could have been worse but I still wasn't happy about it
This will be the first time I have gotten an A in a writing class for years
I don't believe you're that bad though because my small sample size of other people I've chatted on this with texted or emailed in real life, etc. says you have better grammar than a surprising number of people out there Or maybe they all just have terrible grammar until they actually start writing a paper for homework and then all of a sudden they drastically improve
Hahaha maybe thats it
I like grammar so I couldn't bring myself to do that
I am usually good at grammar and punctuation and spelling but I can get lazy.
I think some people are honestly just better at learning certain subjects. Grammar isn't hard for me but I'm very worried about the physical science test I have to take next week
It is hard for me to focus on big ideas and put them on paper so they are fluid and exciting Hmmm good luck. When do you have to take it?
Oh I don't like creative writing all that much because I'm bad at coming up with good ideas. Philosophy papers are way better. My final isn't scheduled and it's online. I have a lot of other tests that are scheduled I have to do first so I'll probably do it Tuesday evening or Wednesday
Actually I wouldnt mind writing about philosophy, it is all I can think about every day. Everything is a philosophy to me.
Haha, what does that mean?
Its hard not to make things ohilosophical and theoretical I am just a thinker. I do a lot of pacing too.
Maybe you should take more philosophy classes. My favorite are the ethics classes. Those are great for lots of thinking
They dont make money and that is something I will need in thee future Beside philosophy will be there wheter I take a class for it or not. My whole thought process is based on metacognition.
That is a false equivalency:) You don't have to major in philosophy to take philosophy classes and you don't have to be a philosopher if you major in philosophy I am planning on law school
I am also really good at economic Economics. So i think I will minor in that and business. I also like music so I am planning a minor in that. Too much for me to take philosophy classes
Makes sense. I definitely can't take all the classes I'd like. I don't agree with what you said about philosophy always being there though. People say that to me a lot, but
I will take phil 110 because it counts as a general though
I think it's kind of like saying you could do English by yourself and then only studying things you write [as opposed to reading other authors' works]
when I say it will always be there I mean I talk about it all the time so it is already a Partof my life Ok i can see that
I just mean that you could think about any subject by yourself. You could do theoretical math all by yourself. But it isn't the same because then you don't know what other people think Part of philosophy is the history of philosophical thought and another big part is discussion Anyway, I think most people could benefit from reading philosophy since they probably aren't cool enough to come up with everything Socrates and Plato etc. said on their own So that's the end of my philosophy-is-important too spiel haha
Hahaha I am fairly goal oriented. How about you?
I try Being goal oriented is an ongoing goal of mine
Nice lol I am naturally very goal oriented. Before my mission I tended not to write my goals down though. I am so tired, but I have a goal of contributing to this challenge so I am here at 2 in the morning lol.
And look at you now... #2?
I think I am about ready to call it quits and get some rest Yep
That is a cool username Good talking to you!
Hey you arent so bad yourself #9 Yeah. Have a good night
you too!

that would be sick
that would be crazy